City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Wm. Bagley in Mount Street  Parish of St. George Hanover Square Sign of the Bicklayers Arms within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twentieth day of June 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Holmes then and there lying dead, of upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Holmes came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Holmes on the Eighteenth day of June in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesd. To Wit in the Serpentine River in Hyde Park , there going in to bathe himself. It so happened that accidentally, casually, and by Misfortune he the said John Holmes was in the Waters of the said River then & there suffocated and drowned. At which said Suffocation and Drowing he the said John Holmes then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforeasid, do say, that, the said John Holmes in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally, casually, and by Misfortune, came to his Death and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands & Seals, the Day, Year & Place above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Peter Vineing Foreman Wm. Pisley

Wm. Allendar Wm. Cook . John Ditchpond

Wm Bagley Tho Clarke Charles Staplton

John Hunt St. George James Padgett Musgrav Blank