City & Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex } to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of John Washbourne the Sign of the White Lion  Hemming's Row  parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty seventh day of May 1797 in the thirty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Elizabeth King then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Elizabeth King came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, that a certain Coach Man on the twenty Sixth day of May in the Year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being driving a certain Hackney Coach near Hemming's Row aforesaid It so Happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune, being in the Street aforesaid was then and there forced to the Ground by one of the Horses & by one of the Wheels of the said Coach which passed over the Body of the said Elizabeth King; By Means whereof the said Elizabeth King did then and there receive divers Mortal Bruises on her body of which said Mortal Bruises she the said Elizabeth King then and there instantly died

And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Elizabeth King in manner & by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to her death and not otherwise: And that the said Horse and Wheel were moving to the death of the said Elizabeth King and are of the Value of five Shillings together.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

D Blockley Jos Hacket Wm. Burgis Saml. Gregory Richard Alberry Edwd. Baythorne

Francis Atkinson John Massey George Thorsby Robt Blackman Wm Jones Richd. Westerton

James Tonsey Mr Munford Thos Green