City of Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex . } to wit.

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the seventeenth day of July in the twenty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Chirstopher Brown then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Thomas Sessions , John Taylor , Henry Platt , William Parr  Thomas Toms , Nathan Collier , Martin Billing , Thomas Warren , John Bywell , Andrew Hunt , James Street , James Mason , Christopher Garrish , Barnet Marshall , James Yarrell , John Forbes , John Moore , and Samuel Crisp good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Christopher Brown came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say Tha the said Christopher Brown not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but Lunatick and distracted on the said seventeenth day of July in the Year aforesaid one End of a certain Price of Cord unto a certain Wooden Trunk or Trough in the Hayloft within the Stable Yard of Edward Peters situate in James Street in the said Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden within the Liberty and County aforesaid and the other End thereof about his own neck did fix tye and fasten and therewith did then and there hang suffocated and strangle himself of which said hanging suffocation and strangling he the said Christopher Brown then and there died. And so he Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Christopher Brown not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but Lunatick and distracted in manner and by the means aforesaid did kill himself.

In Witness where of as well the said Coroner as the said Thomas Sessions Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard  Coroner .

Thomas Sessions Foreman