City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of John Tramfield the Sign of the Truimph Chariot Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty fourth day of February 1798 in the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty on, View of the Body of Samuel Meredith then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Samuel Meredith came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Samuel Meredith being about to feed a certain House the Property of Mr. Hamesley of Pall Mall in the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty aforesaid (which said Horse was then kept at Mr. Hall's Livery-Stables in piccadilly ) on the twentieth day of February in the Year aforesaid at the Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty aforesaid then and there the said Horse gave unto him the said Samuel Meredith into one of his Hinder Fict upon the Stomach of him the said Samuel Medith diser Mortal Wounds or Bruises of which said Mortal Wounds or Bruises he the said Samuel Meredith did languish and languishing did live until the twenty first day of February in the Year aforesaid on which said twenty first day of February in the Year in aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To wit in St. George's Hospital did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid Upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Samuel Meredith in manner and form aforesaid, and not otherwise came to his death. And So the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said Horse is of the Price of Five Pounds and remains in the Custody of the said Mr. Hall

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner } A. G. Eckhard Thomas Barr Joseph Devs W. Todd John Holyhead Thomas List

George Linnelb Tho. Byrne Tho. Dixon Janatz Wheeler Wm. Hosey