Whitehall  An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Ship Alehouse at Charing Crosse within the Verge of His Majesty's Palace of Whitehall the Twenty second day of July in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the second by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the faith and so forth and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven hundred and sixty. Before John Feary Coroner. of and for this Maties Palace of Whitehall and the Verge of the same Upon a View of the Body of Benjamin Robinson lying Dead within the said Verge, by the Oaths of Edward Smith , George Sheles , John Humphrey Edward Longley , Edward Carten , John Flowen , James Collum,  John Walter , Thomas Carter , John Hargrove , John Caywood , Richard House , and William Wade Good and Lawfull Men residing and Dwelling within His Majesty's said Palace of Whitehall and the Verge thereof who being Sworn and Charged to Esquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when where and michael manner the said Benjamin Robinson came to his Death say upon their Oaths. That on Monday the 21st. day of this Instant July the said Benjamin Robinson , being at work as a Painter on the Outside of the House of Francis Groyan Esqr. scituate in Scotland Yard within the said Verge and being on a Board or other wooden Machinery Exected for carrying on the Painting Works in the Outside of the said House as aforesaid it so happened that the Board or other Wooden Machinery as aforesaid suddenly loosened and gave way whereby the said Benjamin Robinson slipt from off the said Board or other Wooden Machinery as aforesaid, and fell from thence upon the Iron Rails of the said House by means of which felling as aforesaid the said Benjamin Robinson received several Mortal Bruises and Wounds of which said Mortal Bruises and Wound the said Benjamin Robinson then and there instantly Died. And so the said Jurors upon their Oaths aforesd. do say that the said Benjamin Robinson the said 21st day of July in the Year aforesaid in the Verge aforesaid in manner and form aforesaid by his Death came and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Forenoon of the Jurors aforesaid have to this Inquisition put them hands and Seals the day Year and at the place abovesaid

Jno. Feary  Coroner Pro Temr.

Edwd. Smith Foreman