City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Anne within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Fourteenth day of July in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of James Mc. Dougall then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of George Flannell Thomas Woodward , Richard Gent , Pratt Bernon , Cuthbert London , John Richter , George Pailthorp , Francis Lion , William Henry Marriott , William Ferry , James Currey , John Farrer , Richard Colthorp , James Aitkin , Richard Frewin , James Arcum and Waller Harriott good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said James Mc. Dougall came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That James Wicks late of the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields in the County aforesaid Servant to Thomas Cropley of the said Parish and County, Dustman on the Twelfth day of July in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish of Saint Anne aforesaid in the Liberty and County aforesaid, in a certain Public Street or Highway to wit, Porter Street being carefully driving a certain last drawn by one Horse and loaded with Cinders, it so happened that the said James Mr Dougall being an Infant of the Age of Four Years, and being playing in a Barrow that was broke without Arms or Legs, and the said James Mc. Dougale on a sudden springing forward, the Barrow being so defective and broken gave way and fell down, and the Said James Mc. Dougall fell from the said Barrow forward into the Street or Highway called Porter Street aforesaid and the said Cart drawn by one Horse and loaded with Cinders as aforesaid then and there passing by the Off wheel of the said Cart so loaded with Cinders as aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune did violently go over and upon the left side of the Head of him the said James Mc. Dougall near the Temple by means whereof he the said James Mc. Dougale from the Weight and Pressure of the said Cart so loaded and drawn as aforesaid did then and there receive One Mortal wound or Bruise in and upon the left side of the Head of him the said James Mc. Dougall near the Temple of which said mortal wound and Bruise he the said James Mc. Dougall then and there instantly Died. And to the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say That the said James Mc. Dougall in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise, And that the Off wheal of the said Cart was Moving to the Death of the said James Mc. Dougall and is of the Value of One Shilling and is the Properly of the said Thomas Cropley . In Witness where of as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid on behalf of himself and the rest of the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day and Year and at the Place first abovementioned

Tho. Prickhard Coroner

Geo: Flanel Foreman