City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of John Hatchett the Sign of the keeper Eaton Street smiles in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Fourteenth day of 1798 in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq , Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mary Isaacs an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors Whose Names are here under written, and seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who, being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how.and by what Means the said Mary Isaacs came to her Death,do upon their Oath say, that the said Mary Isaacs on the sixth day of November in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in the Dwelling House of her Father situate in Pimlico Waterworks Wharf then & there being in the Company with two of her Sisters only also.Infants It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune the weaving Appeal which she the said Mary Isaacs then and there had on her Body took fire from the flame thereof she the said Mary Isaacs was then & there about; of which said Burning she the said Mary Isaacs did languish and languishing did live untill the Eighth day of November in the Year aforesaid on which said Eighth day of November in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, she the said Mary Isaacs then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Mary Isaacs in manner and by the means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune, came to his death and not otherwise.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day,Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Wm. Cain A. Gates Wm. Savage Thos. Norton Rob. Walson

John Jones Charles Haskew Robert Parkley

E. Flint J. Rose John Mann

James Plimmer .