City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Bartholomew Sterling  Sign of the Grange in Carey Street  Parish of St. Clement Danes within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty fifth day of Septr. 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Nicholas Mc. Donald then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Name are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Nicholas Mc. Donald came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Nicholas Mc. Donald sometime past received a Blow on his head accidentally, that the said Nicholas Mc. Donald ever since which time in Consequence of an internal Injury sustained by the said Blow so given accidentally, has laboured under a grievous dis of Body, which was the Cause of the Death of the said Nicholas Mc. Donald on the twenty fourth day of September in the year aforesaid And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Nicholas Mc. Donald in manner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally, casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day, year and Place above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

David Watt Forman

Ch Murrey Wm. Broughton Jno. Elsworth Dod: Cook Saml Baker

Josa: Johnston John Bailey John Scott G Liker Richd. George

Rd Dyer