City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of John Triumfield in Piccadilly at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square known by the Sign of the Triumpbone Chariot within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty first day of December 1792 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Bush then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of Francis Lye , James Bedford , James Wise , Robert Hayden , William Cowar , John Collins , William Fenn , Joseph Norris , John Weston , John Topping  Benjamin Evans , Samuel Smith and John Worthy good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Man unknown came to h is Death, do upon their oath say that the said Thomas Bush on the twentieth day of December, in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being employed to bring some Beer to persons who were loading a certain Cart (with one Horse) with Dung in Grosvenor Mews and before he the said Thomas Bush had arrived to the said Cart the Horse in the said Cart took fright and ran away and that It so happened the right Wheel of the said Cart accidentally, casually & by misfortune (as he the said Thomas Bush was endeavouring to stop the said Horse) went over the Loins of him the said Thomas Bush : by means whereof he the said Thomas Bush received one Mortal Wound on the Loins of him the said Thomas Bush : of which said Mortal Wound he the said Thomas Bush at a certain Hospital there called Saint George's Hospital did die And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said Thomas Bush in manner and by the means aforesaid, accidentally, casually, & by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. And that the said right Wheel so drawn as aforesaid, was moving to the Death of the said Thomas Bush and is of the value of One Shilling and the Property and in the Possession of Atkinson of Brompton in the County of Midsex , Gardener , In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day Year and Place above-written.

John Gear Wit

Anthy Gell  Coroner Fras. Lye  Foreman Benjn. Bedford James Wise Thos. Hayden Wm. Carward

John Collin Wm. Fenn Josepp Noris John Woston Thos Tepping Benj Evans

The Mark of Saml. Smith Witness Jno Wygell the Mark of Jno Worthy Witness  Jno Wygell