City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the nineteenth day of March in the twenty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Tenence Mc. Donald then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Alexander Yeats , Francis Buckingham , Thomas Harwood , John Wallis , Henry Madon , William Cain , William Robertson James Eaton , Stephen Rolotson , Charles Stedeman , Edward Howarth John Wybrow and John Jones good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duty sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Terrence Mc. Donald came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say That on the seventeenth day of March in the Year aforesaid at Night the said Terrence Mc. Donald was walking in the Foot way at Pimlico in the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid And that the said Terrence Mc. Donald then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell into the Area of an uninhabited House and the Neck cloth being tight round the neck of him the sad Terrence Mc. Donald. It so happened that the said Terrence Mc. Donald was then and there strangled of which said strangling he the said Terrence Mc. Donald then and there Died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Terrence Mc. Donald in manner and by the means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Coroner as the said Alexander Yeats  Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Alexr Yeats Foreman