City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex , to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Mrs. Grant the Sign of the white Horse Knightsbridge  parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the sixth day of June 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Lee then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Lee came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Lee on the third day of June in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in the lugh Road in lower grosvenor place then and that being It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune a certain coach drawing by two Horses then and there passing by, went over the said John Lee thereby then and there giving unto him the said John Lee in and upon the Head, Saws and Brain of him the said John Lee divers mortal B ses Of which said Mortal B uses he the said John Lee at Saint George Hospital on the said third day of June, died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their oath aforesaid do say that the said John Lee in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his death & not otherwise: And that the said Coach & Horses were moving to the death of the said John Lee and one together of the value of half a Craw but whose property no Evidence thereof doth appear to the said Jurors. IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } The Mark of Stephen Preston } Richd F James Wise Joseph Dean Henry Bailey

The Mark of Geo: Green Bowern Thomas List John Thos James John James

William Allen The Mark of Wm. Drew