City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of Mr. Hand in pall Mall in the Parish of St. James Known by the Sign of the Goat within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the tenth day of December 1792 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esc  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Richard Louch then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of William Frankling , William Gardner  Hector Simpson , Thomas Greenway , Alexr. Renny , James Donnoldson , John Murrell , James Flemming , William Barrett  John Thompson , Peter Bayond , William Gullock , John Slone , Thomas Posonby and Thomas Carr good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chose, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Richard Louch came to h is Death, do upon their oath say that the said Richard Louch on the Eighth day of December, in the year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being on the landing place of the first Floor belonging to the Dwelling House of the Marquis of Buckinghams situate in the said Parish and Liberty It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said Richard Louch then and there fell from the said landing Place to the landing Place on the Ground Floor, by means whereof he the said Richard Louch then and there received one Mortal wound on the Breast of his the said Richard Louch of which said Mortal wound he the said Richard Louch from the said Eighth day of December in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the liberty aforesaid, did languish and languishing did live untill the tenth day of the same Mouth, in the year aforesaid at the House aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid When be the said Richard Louch of the Mortal Wound aforesaid did die And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Richard Louch in manner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally, casually, and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors leave to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day, Year, & Place above written.

Anthy Gell  Coroner William Franklin Forman William Gardiner Thos Curr James Donaldson John Murrell

John Thompson Jno Sloane Thos. Ponsonbey Wm Gullock Hector Simpson I. Bayrell

Alexr. Frenny Thos. Greenway James Fleming Wm. Barrett