Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit 

An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster the Seventeenth day of March in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty . Before John Feary Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid Upon a Veiw of the Body of a Female Child then and there lying Dead by the Oaths of Samuel Adams , John Eldridge , David Burnsal James Crosby , Thomas Thompson , John Thomas , Edward Strut , Jenkin Edwards , Richard Clements  John Barlow  Joseph Beer , Thomas Webb , Thomas Eyres , William Buxton , William Green , Francis Johnson , William Morris , John Roomer Thomas Eustace , William Davis , Walter Russell , Thomas Hutchinson , and William Davis Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Inquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when where and in what manner the said Female Child came to her Death say upon their Oaths That Ann Keppell late of the Parish of St. George Hanover Square in the Liberty and County aforesaid Spinster on or about the third day of this Instant March being big with a certain Female Child afterwards the day and Year aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid, alone the said Female Child from her Body by the Providence of God did bring forth Stillborn and Dead, which said Female Child had it been Born alive would by the Laws of this Realm have been a Bastard. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oaths aforesaid do say that the aforesaid Female Child was so brought forth Stillborn and Dead In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Jurors aforesaid have hereunto put their hands the day Year and at the place abovesaid

Jno. Feary Coroner Saml. Adams Foreman John Eldridge David Burnsall James Crosby Thos Thompson Jno. Thomas Edward Hunt The mark of Jenkin Edwards The mark of Richd. Clements John Barlow Joseph Bear

The Mark of Thomas Webb Thomas Eyres William Buxton William Green

Francis Johnston William Morris John Roome Tho. Ewstead Wm. Davies Walter. Russell Thos. Hutchinson William Davis