City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Sixth day of May in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so Forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of James Kelly then and there lying dean, upon the Oath of Richard Beckford , William Young , John Camplin , Richard Hatch , Daniel Beanham William Mitchel , Thomas Scott , Thomas Holburn , George Grant , William Crocket , Richard Starling and Edward Bailiss , good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said James Kelly came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said James Kelly a Laborer on the Nineteenth day of April in the year aforesaid being at work at a House in Craven Buildings in the Parish of St. Clement Danes within the Liberty and County aforesaid, It so happened that a loose Brick Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune Rolled down of and from the top of the said House upon the Head of the said James Kelly , by Means whereof the said James Kelly then and there received one mortal Wound in and upon the left side of his Forehead, of which said Mortal Wound he the said James Kelly from the said Nineteenth day of April in the year aforesaid until the Third day of May in the same year at the said Parish of St. Clement Danes and also at the Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said Third day of May in the Year aforesaid at the Parish of St. Margaret aforesaid, he the said James Kelly of the mortal Wound aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said James Kelly in manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Richard Beckford Foreman of the said Jurors, on behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner Rid. Beckford Foreman