City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of John whems near Tothillfields Bridewell at the Parish of St. Margt known by the Sign of ye Green coat Boy within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Sixth day of December 1792 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Ann Mc. Whirty a Prisoner in Tothill fields Bridewell aforesaid then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of John Barclay , Robert Sampson , George Wilson  Humphrey Chadwick , John Marsden , James Jones , Francis Ward , Thomas Sebitt , Samuel Saxby , Thomas Dodd , David Roberts  William Hatt , and Thomas Gosheron good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Ann Mc. Whirty came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Ann Mc. whirty being a Prisoner in Tothill Fields Bridewell aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid on the Fourth day of December, in the year aforesaid at Tothill Fields Bridewell aforesaid, departed this Life by the visitation of God in a natural way To Wit in a Fit of Delirium of the Brain And that the said Ann Mc. Whirly had no Marks of Violence appearing on her Body. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands & Seals the Day, Year and Place above-written

Anthy Gell  Coroner John Barcley  Foreman Robert Sampson Geo: Wilson Humpy. Chadwick John Masden

The Mark of Jas. Jones Francis Ward Thomas Samuel Saxby Thos Dodd

David Roberts Wm Hatt Thos. Goshoron