City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of John Plant the Sign of the King's head  James Street in the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty fifth day of February 1799 in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Margaret White otherwise Hawkins then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Margaret White otherwise Hawkins came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Margaret White otherwise Hawkins on the sixth day day of February in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in the Apartment of her the said Margaret White otherwise Hawkins situate in Duck Lane then and there being alone & much intoxicated in the Liquor It so happened that accidentally casually & by Misfortune the Appeal which she the said Margaret White otherwise Hawkins then & there had on her Body took fire by means whereof & from the Flame avising therefrom she the said Margaret White otherwise Hawkins was then there sound Of which said Burning she the said Margaret White otherwise Hawkins did languish and languishing did line in the Westminster Infirmary until the twenty second day of February in the year aforesaid on which said twenty second day of February in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid at the Westminster Infirmary aforesaid of the said Burning did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Margaret White otherwise Hawkins in manner the Means aforesaid accidentally casually & by Misfortune came to her death and not otherwise.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } Peter Belton Foreman Henry Hann nn John Man

Michael Reilly George Burt Jno. Whitlock Geo. St. John James Evans John Kates

George Messenger John Helder Benjn. Hatchard John Higham Saml. ve