City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex . to wit.}  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of John Plant the sign of the Kings head James Street in the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the third day of September 1799 in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq , Coroner of our said lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Jones then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who, being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what means the said John Jones  came to his Death,do upon their Oath say, that the said John Jones on the thirty first-day of August in the year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being much intoxicated in the Liquor & above in his Bed chamber It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune the appeal much he the said John Jones then & there had on his Body took fire by means whereof and from the flames arising from the said fire he the said John Jones was their and there burnt: of which said paving he the said John Jones did languish and languishing did line until the second day of September in the Year aforesaid on which said day he the said John Jones at the Westminster Infirmary within the Liberty aforesaid of the said burning, did die And so the Jurors aforesaid upon then Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Jones in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually & by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Michael Connellan W. Connellan Chas. Mills William Summonds Ed Smith

John Marsden Wm. Venters James Boyle Robt. Geesin Andw. Oakley William Messenger

Thos Haigh Richard Williams Fre. Smith