Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit 

An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster the twenty ninth day of July in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the faith and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven hundred and sixty . Before John Feary Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid. Upon a View of the Body of a New Born Male Child then and there Lying Dead by the Oaths of Charles Stewart . James Emerson , Daniel Gibson , Edward Hurst , John Mayhew , Stephen Hornworth Robert Read , John Shepherd , Joseph Hubbard , John Littlewood , Joseph Francis , Francis Deshamp , David Mc. Callingeth Robert Mawley , Alexander Simpson and Thomas Smith Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Enquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when where and in what manner the said New Born Male Child came to his Death Say upon their Oaths. That Mary Bagnoll late of the Parish of St. James in the Liberty and County aforesaid Spinster on or about the Twenty eighth day of July Instant being big with a certain Male Child afterwards the day and Year aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid alone the said Male Child from her Body by the Providence of God did bring forth Still born and Dead which said Male Child had it been Born alive would by the Laws of this Realin have been a Bastard. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oaths aforesaid do say that the aforesaid Male Child on the day aforesaid in the parish aforesaid in the Liberty and County aforesaid was so brought forth Stillborn and Dead. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid have to this Inquisition put their hands and Seals the day Year and at the place abvesaid

Jno. Feary  Coroner

Charles Stewart foreman