City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of John Collett the Sign of the Roe Buck  Mill Bank  Westmr.  parish of Saint John within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Seventeenth day of July 1797 in the thirty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Barber then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Juror whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Barber came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Thomas Barber on the sixteenth day of July in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in the River Thames on Mill Bank there going in to bath himself It So happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said Thomas Barber was in the Waters of the sd. River then and there suffocated and drowned: Of which said Suffocation and Drowning he the said Thomas Barber then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Thomas Barber in manner & by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his death and not otherwise.

 In Witness whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

James Beecher Joseph Kerton Chas. Whitroe Henry James Versy M

Richd Burman Thos. Bennett John Randall James Bap John Vincent Will Staines

Moses Ford

The Mark of Thos. Hill

Charles Gregory