City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mrs. Carpeneal the Sign of the Coach & Horses in Mount Street  Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty third day of Feby 1795 in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Joseph Jeffris then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunto written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Joseph Jeffris came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that William white being lunatic and distracted in his Mind on the eighteenth day of february in the year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit at the poor House of the said Parish situate in Mount Street with a certain Tin Can which he the said William Made then and there had held in his right hand in and upon the left Temple & fore head of him the said Joseph Jeffris did them & there strike stab and penetrate, thereby then and there giving unto him the said Joseph Jeffris one Mortal Wound on the head of him the said Joseph Jeffris with the Tin Can aforesaid of which said mortal Wound, she the said Joseph Jeffris then are there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said William White so being lunatic and distracted in his Mind him the said Joseph Jeffris in manner and by the Means aforesaid did kill. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year and place abovewritten.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } Thomas Shutt Joseph Menton John Walker Robt. Knight Benjn. Ashmead

John Smith John Freeborn William King Wm Gidden Jos. Whitehead Wm. Davies

Geos Tomman