City and Liberty of Westminster , in the Country of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Boby Hawkes the Sign of the White Lion Hemmings Row in the parish of Saint Martin in the Field within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the Country of Middlesex , the sixteenth day of September 1799 in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Goff then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who, being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Gott came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that John Cent of the parish and Liberty aforesaid Watchman to Wood Coal Merchant not having the fear of God before his Eyes but moved and seduced by the Instigation of the Devil, on the fifteenth day of September in the Year aforesaid with force and Arms at the Parish the peace of God and of our said Lord the King then & there being feloniously wilfully and of his Malice forethought, did make and Assault And that the said John Vent a certain Blunderbuss of the Value of five shillings charged and loaded with Gunpowder and a leader Pullet which he the said John Nent then & there had & held in his right hand to and against the Breast of him the said John Goff did then & there shoot off and discharge by Means whereof he the said John vent feloniously wilfully & of his Malice forethought did then & there give into him the said John Goff in the leaden Bullet aforesaid so as aforesaid shot off & discharged and of the Pistol aforesaid by the force of the Gun powder aforesaid in & upon the left Breast of him the said John Goff one Mortal House of the depth of six Inchester & of the Breadth of one Inch of which said Mortal Wound he the said John Goff then & there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Vent him the said John Goff in the manner and by the Means aforesaid feloniously wilfully and of his Malice forethought did kill and murder against the peace of our said Lord the King his Crown & Dignity

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

John Blake John Nisbet Richd. Davies Thos. Dawns Robt. Flaxton

La Israel James Xinences Lawrence Crew Beaven Alexr. Robertson Jacob Kellcoates Joseph Edwards

Thos. Shaw William Thompson Daniel Reobald John Taylor Tho Fergusson