Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. Anne in the Liberty of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster the Sixteenth day of December in the Second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the faith and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand seven hundred and Sixty one Before John Feary Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid. Upon a View of the Body of a Woman whose Name is unknown then and there lying Dead by the Oaths of Charles Drew , William Whitney , Thomas Fagg , Francis Lacour , John Malpas , Benjamin Gee Benjamin Dorsett , Edward Stevens , Joseph Polley , John Bullock , David Peter , Peter Sanvier , John Cardo , John Chanvain , William Tyrell , Thomas Stiling and Joseph Palmer Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Enquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when and in what manner the said Woman unknown came to her Death say upon their Oaths. That on Sunday the Thirteenth day of December Instant the said Woman unknown being in the Watch house belonging to the Parish of St. Ann in the Liberty and County aforesaid where she had been for the space of about four hour being found in the Street and brought there by the Constable of the Night did then and there by the Visitation of tye a Natural Death, and by no Violence or other means whatsoever. And so the said Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the sd. Woman unknown the day Year aforesaid in the Parish Liberty and County aforesaid did Dye a Natural Death In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the aforesaid have to his Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day Year and at the Place abovementioned

Jno. Feary . Coroner .

Charles Drew Foreman