City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.  An Inquisition Intended, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Anne within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Sixteenth day of November in the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body, of Alexander Mc. Cloughlin then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Richard Grant , John Malpas , William Fisher , Adolph Hommill , James Wyke , John Bennett , John Bird , Robert Desborow , Daniel Davis , Thomas Ralph , John Fellows , John Carver and Charles Swinden , good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Alexander Mc. Cloughlin came to h is- Death, do upon their Oath say That a Man whose Name is unknown on the Fifteenth day of November in the Year aforesaid (between the Hours of Eleven and twelve at Night) being driving a certain Hackney Coach drawn by two Horses in Gerrard Street in the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid, And the said Alexander Mc. Cloughlin being then walking along and crossing the said Street, It so happened that the said Alexander Mc. Cloughlin, was then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune forced down to the Ground in the said Street, and that the Fore Wheel of the said Coach on the Offside passed over the Head of him the said Alexander Mc. Cloughlin, so lying upon the Ground as aforesaid, by Means whereof he the said Alexander Mc. Cloughlin did then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune receive divers mortal Wounds and Bruises in and upon the left side of the Head of him the said Alexander Mc. Cloughlin of which said mortal Wounds and Wri Alexander Mc. Cloughlin then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Alexander Mc. Cloughlin, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. And that the said Fore Wheel of the said Coach so drawn as aforesaid, was moving to the Death of the said Alexander Mc. Cloughlin and is of the Value of fifteen Shillings, and the Property of a Person or Persons to the Jurors aforesaid unknown. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Richard Grant Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Dag Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner Richd. Grant Foreman