City & Liberty of Westmr. in the County of Middlesex , to wit.}  In Inquisition indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the KING at the Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster in the County of Middlesex the Twenty fourth Day of April- in the Seventh Year of the Faith, Etc. before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of Our said Lord the KING, for the said City & liberty on View of the Body of John Newman then and there lyind dead, upon the Oath of William Green , Samuel Clough , Charles Humpreys , William Grist , Joseph Fawcett , Nathaniel Clayton , William Robertson , William Arnold  Joseph Benbrick , Robert Bramham , William Lockey , George Folfrey and John Shaw good and lawful Men of the said Liberty duly chosen as by law is required, and who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire, for Our said Lord the KING, when, how, and by what means the said John Newman came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said John Newman , on the Thirty first day of March in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish of St. Mary Lamboth in the County of Surry, being standing upon certain Stone steps leading to a House called the Lumber House there siuate, It so happened that the said John Newman Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune sell down upon and against the said Stone Steps, and thereby did then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune receive on mortal Fracture in and upon the Frontal Bone, over the left Eye of his the said John New man, of which said mortal Fracture he the said John Newman form the said Thirty first day of March in the Year aforesaid, until the Twenty second day of April in the same Year at the Westminster Hospital situate and being in the said Parish of St. Margaret within the City Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said Twenty second day of April in the Year aforesaid he the said John Newman at the Hospital aforesaid in the Parish City Liberty and County aforesaid, of the mortal Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said John Newman Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune in Manner and by the means aforesaid, came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness where of as well the said Coroner, as the said William Green Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Thos. Prickard Coroner . Wm. Green Foreman