City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex . } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty ninth day of November in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Richard Pratt then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Samuel Thorpe Esqr. Michael Downes Esqr. William Gowan Esqr John Birrell , George Attley , Frank Rochford , Robert Clark , Joseph Welden , John Burgh , Jacob Moore , John Beard , John Clarkson , John Brasier , Hiff Linney and Henry Pride good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Richard Pratt came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That on the Eighteenth day of November in the Year aforesaid, the said Richard Pratt being in George Street in the said Parish of St. James , within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and it being very dark. It so happened that the said Richard Pratt Accidentally Casually and by misfortune fell down upon the Stone Pavement in the foot way, in the said Street, and thereby did then and there receive me mortal Fracture on the left side of the Head, behind the left Ear of him the said Richard Pratt , of which said mortal Fracture he the said Richard Pratt at the Parish and in the Liberty and County aforesaid, from the said Eighteenth day of november in the Year aforesaid until the twenty fifth day of the same Month and Year did languish and languishing did live, on which said twenty fifth day of November in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty and County aforesaid, he the said Richard Pratt of the mortal Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said Richard Pratt in manner and by the means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner , as the said Samuel Thorpe Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

Samul Thorpe Foreman