City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter , Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty fifth day of September in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Jones then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Timothy T. Edward , John Wheams . William Clinkard , John Griffiths , Richard Sherlock , George Tilley , James Ledenham  Thomas Thompson , John Elvidge  Timothy Bennett  James Cosby  Anthony Fry and William Ashdon good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Jones came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That on the Fifteenth day of August in the Year aforesaid the said John Jones together with Thomas Holdworth and divers other Persons being in the Yard or Sheltle Ground of Thomas Hutchell  Victualler situate in Dacre Street in the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid, It so happened, that the said John Jones then and there down with his Head afor and against the Corner of a Brick in the Wall in said Yard and by thereof then and there Accidentally Casually the Will of the said Thomas Holdsworth receive on the left side of the Head of him the said John and Contusion he the said John Jones . from the sa in the Year aforesaid until the Twenty second day of Year at the Parish aforesaid, within the Liberty languish and languishing did live on which said he the said John Jones at the Parish and in the Liberty of the Mortal Wound and Contusion aforesaid, did die aforesaid. upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that th Casually and by Misfortune and against the Will in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, came to his

In Witness whereof as well said Timothy T. Edwards  Foreman of the said Ju himself and the rest of his Fellows in their Pre Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the D above mentioned.

Tho. Pric

Timy. T.