City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit.   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Benjamin Bradley the Sign of the Swan & two hecks in Tothil Street parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the fourteenth day of April 1796 in the thirty Sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of James Duncan , an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said James Dunean came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that on the twelfth day of April in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid one being carefully and gently driving of a certain Hackney Coach drawn by two Horses through a certain Gateway in Tothill Street aforesaid And the said James Dunean being then under the said Gateway and unseen by the said. It so happened that the off.wheel of the said Coach accidentally casually and by Misfortune passed over the Head of the said James Duncan and by the force and Violence thereof & by Means whereof he the said James Duncan did then and there receive a Mortal Fracture on his head of which said Mortal Fourtune he the said James Duncan then and there instantly died: And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said James Duncan in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually & by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise And that the said off Wheel was moving to the death of the said James Duncan and is of the Value of one Shilling and is the property and in the Possession of Bignell

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Richd. Oliver the Mark of Willm. E Thos. Williams Wm. Tonte Alexr. Jaffersen Robr Turner

Charles What Sath. Dor John Hendrie Wm Baldwin Joshua Thomas John Brooke