City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign, Lord the King, at the House of Sarah Giles known by the Name of the White Bear in Park Street Grosvenor Square in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twelfth day of April 1798 in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Sexty then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Sexty came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, that the said William Sexty not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding, but lunatic and Ditracted, on the tenth day of April in the Yeat aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, one End of a certain Halter or Cord unto the Tester of the Bed in the Apartment of the said William Sexty over a Coach House in King Street Mews, in or neat Park Street Grosvenor Square , and the other End of the said Halton or Cord, about his own Neck, did fix, tye and fasten, and therewith, and by Means thereof, did then and there hang, suffocate, and strangle himself; of which said Hanging suffocation and Strangling, he the said William Sixty then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said William Sexty, not being of sound Mind, Memory and Understanding, but lunatic and distracted, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, did kill himself.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner } Geo: Sackwell Anty: Levitt James P. Smart Wm. Skinner Robert Banks

Thos Cooper Wm. Fatham Charles Stanford Alexd. Redford Henry Johnson Richd Amitage

Elles Anwyl W. Watson