City & Liberty of Westmr. in the County of Middlesex , To wit.}  In Inquisition indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the KING at the Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex the Twenty seventh Day of April in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, KING, Defender of the Faith, Etc. before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroners of Our said Lord the KING, for the said City & liberty on View of the Body of Mary Marshall then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Thomas Lloyd , John Sugg , Leonard Clough , Thomas Wilmot , John Granger , James Wild , Philip Poole , James Dewer , George Williamson , Joseph Smith , Samuel Daniel , John Newing , James Mason , Thomas Hitchen , James Surridge , William Lowdy , Abraham Terry , and John Carron good and lawful Men of the said liberty, duly chosen as by law is required, and who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for Our said Lord the KING, when, how, and by what Means the said Mary Marshall came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Mary Marshall on the Twenty fourth day of April in the Year aforesaid, being in a certain Street called Bowling Alley situate in the Parish of St. John the Evangelist within the City Liberty and County aforesaid , It so happened that the said Mary Marshall Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune then and there fell down, and by Means thereof did then and there Accidently Casually and by Misfortune receive one Mortal Fracture in and upon her right Thigh, of which said mortal Fracture she the said Mary Marshall from the said Twenty fourth day of April in the Year aforesaid until the Twenty Fifth day of the same Mon th in the same Year at the Westminster Hospital situate and being in the said Parish of St. Margaret within the City Liberty and County aforesaid, did languish and languishing did live, on which said Twenty Fifth day of April in the Year aforesaid, she the said Mary Marshall , at the Hospital aforesaid of the mortal Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Mary Marshall Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, came to her Death, and not otherwise, In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Thomas Lloyd Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written.

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Thos. Lloyd Foreman.