City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. Underwood, Sign of the Duke's Head Gt. St. Martin's Street  Leicester Square parish of St. Martins in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the third day of January 1795 in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Haynes then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Haynes came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Haynes on the first day of January in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit near unto the Hay market , on he was then and there passing by It so happened that accidentally, casually, and by Misfortune he the said Haynes fell down upon and against the pavement, by Means whereof he the said Haynes then and there received a violent Concussion of the Brain Of which said Concussion of the Brain he the said Haynes then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Haynes in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually & by Misfortune, came to his Death, & not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors name to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Thos Ellerton David Robertson Josh. Freeman Manley Thos Cousins

William Danvers John Temple Robt. Bradby Jas. Keiths Barnby Harper Thomas Underwood

Arthur Meegs Colville Brown Thos Kippert Robt. Bam