City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Thomas Huggins Sign of the Barn in St. Martins have parish of St. Martins within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fourth day of Feby 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mrs. Gwatkin then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Juror whose Names are here under written and Souls affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Mrs. Gwatkin came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Mrs Gwatkin on the Evening of Monday the third day of February in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid in endeavouring to gain Admission into the pitt of the Little Theahe in the Hay maket It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune and by the pressure of the Crowd of persons also endeavouring So gain Admission into the said Pitt She the said Mrs Gwatkin was Suffocated thrown down and trampled upon: Of which said Suffocation and Trampling she the said Mrs Gwatkin then and there instantly died: And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said Mrs Gwatkin in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to her Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year and place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Thos: Wallis  Foreman James Love Jno Dutton Joseph Whitaker P Richardson George Dawning

Wm. France Jno Robinson John Peter Thompson Chris Fisher Tho Gleaves P LeJeune