City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex } to wit.   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of William Jars in the Strand in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields Known by the Sign of the Horse -Shoe  within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty fifth day of January 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of a Ann Jelly then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Joseph Greensill , Robert Dunkarton , Henry Thomson , John Farbam Andrew Oliver , William Payne , James Wilson , Robert Frisley , William Barrell,  John Higgins  William Osborn , William Sheffield , Robert Sewell , George Riebecca , Robert Berry and Robert Salmon good and lawful Men of the Said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Ann Jolly came to her Death, do upon their Oath Say that the said Ann Jolly not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding, but Lunatic and distracted on the twenty third day of January in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, one End of a certain Piece of Ribband unto the Upper part of a Large Safe or Cupboard in the Lodging Room or Apartment of her the said Ann Jolly in the Dwelling House of Mr. Hodgson, Confectioner in the Strand aforesaid, and the other End thereof about her own heck, did fix, tye, and fasten & therein did then and there hang suffocate, and strangle herself, Of which said hanging Suffocation, and Strangling, she the said Ann Jolly then and there died. And so the Juror aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Ann Jolly , not being of sound Mind, Memory, and Understanding, but Lunatic and distracted, in manner and by the Means aforesaid, did kill herself

In Witness when of aswell the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year and Place above written.

Anthy. Gell  Coroner Foreman Joseph Greenside Robt. Dunkenton Keny Thompson John Farlam

Mr. Oliver Wm. Baipe Jas. Wilson Robt. Frisley Mr. Barrett John Higgins William Osborn

Willm. Sheffield Robert Swell George Rieban Robert Barry Robt. Satmers