City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex } to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the nineteenth day of September in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Edward Stoyll then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Edward Stoyll came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Edward Stoyll on the Seventeenth day of September in the Year aforesaid in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County aforesaid being upon the Top of a Cart loaded with some Straw and other things the Property Joseph Stevenson (his Master ) of Wardour Street Saint James's in the Liberty aforesaid, It so happened, That whilst his Fellow Servant William Jenkins was driving the said Cart between Charles Street and Kentish Town in the said Parish of Saint Pancras and County aforesaid, the Horse which draw the Cart being on a gentle Walk or Foots Pace, the said Edward Stoyll then and there accidentally casually, and by Misfortune fell from off the said Cart to the Wound, and by reason thereof, he the said Edward Stoyll did there receive one mortal Bruise on his left Shoulder, of said Bruise he the said Edward Stoyll from the said twenty seventeen day of September in the Year aforesaid at the said Parish last before mentioned in the County aforesaid and also at the said Parish of St. James in the Liberty and County aforesaid until the eighteenth day of the same Month in the same Year, did Languish and languishing did lives, on which said eighteenth day of September in the Year aforesaid at the said Parish of Saint James in the Liberty and County aforesaid he the said Edward Stoyll, of the mortal Bruise aforesaid, do say, that the said Edward Stoyll, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally, casually and by Misfortune Came to his death and not otherwise and that the said Cast and Horse were moving to the Death of the sd. Edward Stoyll and are the Property of the aforesaid Joseph Stevenson and that the said Cart is of the Value of one Shilling and the said Horse of the Value of one Shilling. IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Thos Fairam Wm. Hurley Peter Cloney John Imrey Thos. Grundway John Haddon

Thos. Price James Richard Robt. Cladwell John Almond Thos. Cartermoul James Gibbs