City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at The Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty first day of September in the twenty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Anthony D Polier then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of David Wernham , William Hearn , John Price Daniel Salmon , John Helm , Alexander Holliday , John Cook  Thomas Burgess , Henry Allison , Thomas Hudson  John Butler and William Storey good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Anthony D. Polier came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say That the said Anthony D'Polier not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but Lunatic and distracted on the Twentieth day of September in the Year aforesaid at the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid a certain Pistol charged with Gun powder and a Leaden Bullet which he the said Anthony D. Polier then and there had and held in his right Hand to and against the Head of him the said Anthony D. Polier Did then and there shoot off and discharge by means whereof he the said Anthony D. Polier did then and there give unto himself with the leaden Bullet aforesaid so discharged and shot out of the Pistol aforesaid, by the Force of the Gunpowder aforesaid in and upon the Head of him the said Anthony D. Polier One Mortal Wound and Fracture of which said Mortal Wound and Fracture he the said Anthony D. Polier then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Anthony D. Polier not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but Lunatick and distracted in manner and by the means aforesaid did kill himself

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said David Wernham Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned

Tho. Prickard Coroner

David Wernham Foreman