City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Work house of the Parish of St. Margaret in Dean Street within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the third day of February 1797 in the thirty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Colonel Frederick then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Colonel Frederick came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Colonel Frederick not being of sound Mind Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the first day of February in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit at the West Gates of westminster Abbey a certain Pistol (or some other deadly Instrument) charged with Gun- powder and a leaden Bullet or Bullets which he the said Colonel Frederick then and there had and held in his right hand to and against the head of him the said Colonel Frederick did then & there shoot off & discharge by means whereof he the said Colonel Frederick did then & there give unto himself, with the leaden Bullet or Bullets aforesaid so discharged and shot out of the Pistols or other deadly Instrument aforesaid by the force of the Gunpowder aforesaid in & upon head & face of him the said Colonel Frederick divers Mortal Wounds: of which said Mortal Wounds he the said Colonel Frederick then & there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the Said Colonel Frederick, not being of sound Mind Memory & Understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the Means aforesaid did kill himself.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Chs Nancolas Edwd. Harring Edwd. Gooch. W Lowe

Geor Allsop Robt. Moore Nathl. Gilham Jas. Giles W Nash Winterburn John Fam

John Hawkins Richd. Mason Wm Berrey Wm Cartwright Alexr. Miller C. Hilton

Jo. Smith J Penn Jno Cartwright