City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Thomas Huggins Sign of the Barn in St. Martins Lane Parish of St. Martins in ye fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fourth day of February 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Robinson then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Robinson came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Robinson on the Evening of Monday the third day of February in the year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid in endeavouring to gain Admission into the pitt of the Little Theatre in the Haymarket It so happened that accidentally Casually and by Misfortune and by the pressure of the Crowd of persons also endeavouring to gain Admission into the said pitt he the said Robinson was suffocated thrown down and trampled upon in the passage there Couding to the said pitt Of which said Suffocation & Trampling he the said Robinson then & there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Robinson in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by misfortune came to his Death & not otherwise In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands & Seals the day Year & place above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Tho: Wallis Foreman James Love Jno Dutton Joseph Whitaker P Richardson

P Lejeune Wm Kell  Junr Ricd Kilsby Thos Gleaves Thos. Cuming Thos. Kingham Matthias Bilger Thomas Stiff Chas. Rymer Thos. Middledon Wm. France George Downing