City and Liberty of Westmr. in the County of Middlesex } to Wit.  An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex the Fifteenth day of March in the fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth before Thomas Prickard Gentleman, Coroner of Our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Patrick Smith a Chairman then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of John Smith , John Finch , Francis Taylor , Frederick Verden , Thomas Hamor , John Green , Samuel Simmons , George Warren , John Vetch , John Jackson  Hugh Whitaker , Alexander Bellendine , Andrew Thomas , George Watson , Thomas Shields , Samuel Norgrove , James Jesop , John Thomas and Samuel Joynes , good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chosen who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire for our said Lord the King. when how, and by what Means the said Patrick Smith came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That Nicholas Maccabe late of the Parish of St. George  Bloomsbury , in the County of Middlesex Chairman on the twelfth day of March in the Year aforesaid with Force and Arms at the said Parish of St. George  Bloomsbury , in the County aforesaid in and upon the said Patrick Smith in the Peace of God and of our said Lord the King then and there being Feloniously did make an Assault, And that the said Nicholas Maccabe with both his hands him the said Patrick Smith did then and there divers times feloniously beat and strike, And that the said Nicholas Maccabe him the said Patrick Smith did then and there violently and feloniously cast and throw to the Ground, whereby the Neck of the said Patrick Smith was then and there Dislocated, of which said Dislocation he the said Patrick Smith at the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex from the said twelfth day of March in the Year aforesaid , until the thirteenth day of the same Month of March in the same Year did languish and languishing did live, on which said thirteenth day of March in the Year aforesaid, the said Patrick Smith at the said Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty and County aforesaid, of the Dislocation aforesaid, did Dye. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Nicholas Maccabe him the said Patrick Smith in Manner and form aforesaid, feloniously did Kill and Slay, against the Peace of our said Lord the King his Crown and Dignity: And that the said Nicholas Maccabe at the time of committing the Felony and Manslaughter aforesaid or at any time since had no Goods or Chattels Lands or Tenements to the Knowledge of the said Jurors In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said John Smith Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

John Smith Foreman