City of Liberty of Westminster in the County of middlesex } to Wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of James Gaunt Sign of the two Brewers in Carington place lane Parish of Saint George within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fifth day of August 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the king for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Ann Day an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Ann Day came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Ann Day on the fourth day of August in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being in her Mother's Apartment scituate in Carington Place aforesaid, It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune, the Cloaths which she the said Ann Day then and there had on her Body accidentally, casually & by Misfortune took Fire, by Reason whereof and from the Smoke and Flame arising from the said Fire she the said Ann Day was then and there suffocated and burnt: Of which said Suffocation and Burning she the said Ann Day then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Ann Day in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to her Death and not otherwise.

 In Witness where of as well the said Coroner , as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

James Gaunt Foreman Tho Britain Thos. Dixon Ger. Linnell

Wm Fenn Geor. Hamnett Benjn. Hall Joseph Lloyd Ricd. Welferd Thos Byrne Thomas Medley

Wm Coward