City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Francis Buckingham the Sign of the Gun Tavern  Pimlico in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fifteenth day of November 1799 in the fortieth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty on, View of the Body of Susanna Priscilla Grover aged 3 Years then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Susanna Priscilla Grover came to her Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Susanna Priscilla Grover on the eleventh Day of November in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being by the five Side at which said time also was Sarah Lunbright  Servant to the Father of the said Jurors Priscilla Grover then & there being employed to undress the said Susanna Priscilla Grover It so happened that accidentally Causally & by Misfortune a S containing boiling Water which was then and there on the said Fire fell down and over the said Susanna Priscilla Grover by Means whereof she the said Susanna Priscilla Grover was then and there scatded of which send scalding she the said Susanna Priscilla Grover did languish and languishing did live until the twelfth day of November in the Year aforesaid on which said twelfth day of November she the said Susanna Priscilla Grover of the said Scalding did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Susanna Priscilla Grover in manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually & by Misfortune came to her death & not otherwise. IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

John Jones Jeremiah Richard Jnt. Gately James Plumber Adam Gates

Michl. Rowad John Bates Tho. Swarnell Fre. Pirney Wm. Char Lovett Charles Haskew