City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of Mr. Watkins the Sign of the Constitution in Redford Street into Parish of St. Pauls Covent Garden within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the thirteenth day of August 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mary Ann White then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Mary Ann White came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Mary Ann White not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the twelfth day of August in the year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid one end of a certain Cord about her own Neck and the other end thereof unto a Pillar in the Kitchen of the Dwelling House of Mr. Guest in King Street did fixtye and fasten and therewith did then and there hang suffocate and strangle herself. Of which said hanging Suffocation and Strangling she the said Mary Ann White did then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Mary Anne White not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner & by the Means aforesaid, did kill herself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Edwd Winstonly John Baker David Pugh John Mossard C M Bowley

Nichols. Palk Peter Vincents Stephen Simpson Jesse Gray Willm Rasor James Chamberlain

Henry Setchel John G.