City and Liberty of Westminster In the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Daniel Green away the Sign of the George in George Court  york Buildings  Parish of Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twelfth day of October 1795 in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Gordon then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Gordon came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Thomas Gordon on the eleventh day of October in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being going down a stone Stair Case in the Dwelling House of Mr. Brown It so happened that he said Thomas Gordon accidentally casually and by Misfortune feet down upon & against the said Stone Stair Case and by Means thereof did then and there receive by the Fall aforesaid divers Mortal Bruises on the face and head of him the said Thomas Gordon . Of which said Mortal Bruises he the said Thomas Gordon then and there mis died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Thomas Gordon in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise.

In WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner Bane Foreman John Barton Thos. Davis Robt Norris

John Richards William Putter Jno. Colegate George Agate W. Daborn Philip Kerby Wm Fenton Jos. Moody

Jas. Robinson Wm. Perkins Jes. Wilson James Greenwill