City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex } to wit,   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of John Rogers in whit Comb Street , in the parish of St. Martins in the Fields , Sign of the Highlander . within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Ninth day of January 1793 in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of  Elizabeth Harris , an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of James Squire , John Byron , Thomas Stratton , John Hudson , John Gasley , George Betts , Joseph Hobbs , David Robison , Thomas Nichols , Thomas Duggan , Robert Bradfield  Charles Fleming , Joseph Hamblin , Edward Skelton , Benjamin Harper , William Allen , and Robert Waste good and lawful Men of the Said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Elizabeth Harris came to her Death, do upon their Oath Say That the said Elizabeth Harris , on the Seventh day of January in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being laid to sleep in a certain turn-up Bed, then and there being in the Room of the Dwelling House of William Harris the Father of the said Elizabeth Harris the Infant that the said William Harris not knowing that the said Elizabeth Harris was then and there lying asleep. It so happened that the said William Harris , accidentally, casually, and by Misfortune, then and there innocently turned up the said Bed, by means whereof she the said Elizabeth Harris the Infant, in the Cloaths of the said Bed was then in there suffocated and smothered: Of which said Suffocation & smothering she the said Elizabeth Harris the Insant then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Elizabeth Harris the Infant in manner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally casually & by Misfortune came to her Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said, Coroner, as the said Jurors leave this Inquisition set their hands & Seals the Day Year and Place above-written.

Anthy Gell , Coroner Jas. Squire Four man Jno. Byrnn Thomas Stratton John Hudson John Gasley

George Bell Joseph Hobby David Robertson Thos Nickels Thos. Durgan

Robt Bradfield Charles Tilivering Josh. Humblin Edwd. Skelton . Hurpen

William Allen Robt-Waite