City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Richard Laws in Swallow Street  Sign of the Green Dragon  Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fifth day of July 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign on our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Richard Onslow then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Richard Onslow came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Richard Onslow not being of sound Mind, Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the fourth day of July in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty, a certain Pistol charged with Gunpowder, and a leadow Bullet which he the said Richard Onslow then and their had and held in his hand, to and against the Head of him the said Richard Onslow, did then and there short off & discharge, by means whereof, he the said, Richard Onslow did then and there give unto himself, with the leaden Bullot aforesaid, so discharged and shot out of the Pistol aforesaid, by the force of the Gunpowder aforesaid, in and upon the Head of him the said Richard Onslow one Mortal Wound of which said Mortal wound he the said Richard Onslow then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that he said Richard Onslow not being of sound Mind, Memory and understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the Means aforesaid did kill himself.

In Witness whereof as well said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day, Year, & Place first above mentioned.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

F Henderson Foreman Henry Vincent Willm Shightley Willm Shanton

Wm Windees Jas. Boynton Saml Crurther James Blackley

Robert Grearson Thomas Sharpe R Cayne Wm. King

Thos. Wild Josh Blank Wm. Oatherson Jno Stoame Isaac Binghan