City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at The Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty second day of January in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Sharp then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of William Vincent , Richard Gorfield , Stephen Davies Samuel Weston , David Allen , John Church , John Mc. Ney . James Sherman , Joseph Niblow , John Barratt  James Wade and William Bromley good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Sharp came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say That the said Thomas Sharp a Carpenter, on the Eighteenth day of January in the Year aforesaid being at Work upon the Seaffold erectng in Westr. Hall on the Trial of Warren Hastings Esqr. and standing upon Part of the said Seaffold at the Height of about Fifteen Feet. It so happened that the said Thomas Sharp Accidentally Casually and by misfortune fell down off and from the said Seaffold upon the Rone Pavement in the said Hall. by means whereof the said Thomas Sharp then and there received one mortal Fracture, in and upon the Frontal Bone of him the said Thomas Sharp , of which said mortal Fracture he the said Thomas Sharp from the said Eighteenth day of January in the Year aforesaid. until the twentieth day of the same month at the Parish and in the Liberty and County aforesaid. did Languish and Live on which said twentieth day of January at the Parish aforesaid he the said Thomas Sharp of the mortal Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said Thomas Sharp in manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said William Vincent Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their Presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner ill Vincent Foreman