Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit

An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. Ann in the Liberty of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster , the Thirtieth day of April in the First year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the faith and so forth; and in the year of our Lord One Thousand Seven hundred and sixty one. Before John Feary Coroner for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, Upon a Veiw of the Body of Ann Bird then and there lying Dead by the Oaths of Richard Rook Samuel White , John Sherzberg , Thomas Bracey , John Page , Davis Hunt , James Ray , Samuel Burrows , Robert Turlton , Thomas Tovey , Edward Spice , Benjamin Goodall , Daniel Hasselurst , Francis Roberts , and Edward Hammond Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Enquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when where and in what manner the said Ann Bird came to her Death say upon their Oaths That on Tuesday the Twenty eighth day of April Instant the said Ann Bird being in the three pair of Stains Room in the House of Jackson Barvis (her Master) scituate the corner of Frith Street and Great Compton Street  Soho in the Parish of St. Ann in the Liberty and County aforesaid, and about Ten of the Clock of the Evening of the same day it so happened that the said Ann Bird fell from out of the Window of the same Room upon the Rails of the Area of the said House by means whereof the said Ann Bird received several violent and mortal Bruises and Wounds upon her Head and Face, of which said Mortal Bruises and Wounds she then and there instantly Died. And so the said Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Ann Bird the day and year aforesaid in the Parish Liberty and County aforesaid in manner and by the means aforesaid came to her Death, but whether of her own Will or by Accident or Misfortune the Jurors know not. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition put their hands and Seals the day year and at the Place abovementioned.

Jno. Feary

Coroner

John Scherzberg

Tho Bracey

Davies Hunt

Samuel Burrows

Robt. Tarllton

Thos: Fovey

Edward Spice

Benj. Goodall

The mark of Danl Hasselhurst

Francis Roberts

Ed. Hammond Junr