City of Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex to Wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at The House of Wm. Hatchett the Sign of the Shakespear in Eaton  parish of St. George Hanover square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of middlesex , the ninth day of August 1797 in the thirty Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the king for the said City and Liberty,on View of the Body of James then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names are here under Written, and seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said James came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say tha the said James Labourer being at work on the Top of a certain House in Pimlico Road belonging to Mr. Waring on the eight day of August in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said James fell from the top of the said House to & against the Ground by means whereof the Neck of him the said James was then and there dislocated of which said Dislocation he the said James then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said James in Manner & by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually & by Misfortune came to his Death & not otherwise.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the day, year and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner Tho Lambert John Jones Richd Wardle George Thompson Edward Bowman

Edwd. Bemder Hy. Westmacot leagh Glover John Nixon Richd Randall Edwd Green thos Dixon