City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr Bryan Sign of the Swan in upper Mount Street  Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the thirteenth day of July 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign on our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Soley then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Soley came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Soley on the twelfth day of July in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, to wit, into the Serpentine River in Hyde Park , there going to bathe himself. It so happened, that accidentally, casually, and by Misfortune be the said John Soley was in the Waters of the said River then and there suffocated and drowned: Of which said Suffocation and Drowning he the said John Soley then and there instantly died, And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Soley in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally Casually, and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hand and Seals the day year, and place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Jonas Jones Foreman}

Thomas Matthews John Ladley

Danl: Carnley Jno. Cave John Wareham

George Cadby Randal Cadman Jones Shoth

John Marshall Joseph Rauton Edwd. Knowlings Chas. Elkins