Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit 

An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster the fourth day of August in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the second by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the faith, and so forth and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven hundred and sixty . Before John Feary Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid. Upon a View of the Body of Thomas Grant then and there lying Dead by the Oaths of John Parish  Joseph Bailis , John Wilkinson , David Davidson , George Newton , William Vaughan , Christopher, Day John Sutherland , Ernest Leslie , John Parbury , James Young , James Price , James Clayton , and Samuel Young Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Enquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when where and in what manner the said Thomas Grant came to his Death say upon their Oaths. That on Thursday the thirty first day of July last the said Thomas Grant being alone in his lodging Room at the House of Thomas Bere the Kings Arms Suttling House in Scotland Yard within the Verge of His Majesty's Palace of Whitehall and not being of Sound Mind, Memory and Understanding but Lunatick and Distracted a certain Pistol leaden with Gunpowder and a leader Bullet into his hand did take and placing the same at and against the fore past of the head of him the said Thomas Grant then and there did Discharge and shoot off and thereby by force of the said Gunpowder the said Leader Bullet being thereby Discharged did give unto himself one Mortal wound in the head of which said Mortal wound he the said Thomas Grant in the Westminster Hospital Infirmary in James Street in the Parish of St. Margaret in the City of Westminster in the Liberty and County aforesaid from the said thirty first day of July last did languish and languishing did Live untill the third day of this Instant August and then Died. And so the said Jurors upon their Oaths aforesaid do say that the said Thomas Grant the said third day of August Instant in the Parish aforesaid in the Liberty and County aforesaid by the cause and means aforesaid by his Death came and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the sd. Coroner as the Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid have to this Inquisition put their hands and Seals the day year and at the Place abovesaid

Jno. Feary  Coroner

J. R. Parishs Foreman