City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Fourth day of September in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Greavson then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Samuel Ray  Michael Castledine , William Arnull  George White , James Laycock Samuel Sifton , George Hopkins , Christopher Harley , John Lee , James Hargrave , Henry Smith & John Struter good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Greavson came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say That the said John Greavson a Laborer on the Fourth day of July in the Year aforesaid being at Work upon the New Building in Somerset House in the Parish of St. Mary le Strand in the County aforesaid, and then and there being upon a Ladder on the inside of the said Building near the top thereof, and carrying some Lead, It so happened that the said John Greavson did then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fall down off and from the said Ladder. through the Joists unto the First Floor, and thereby then and there received divers violent Bruises in and upon his Head an left Arm, of which said mortal Bruises he the said John Greavson from the said Fourth day of July in the July Year aforesaid until the third day of September in the same Year at the said Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said Third day of September in the year at the said Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid he the said John Greavson of the mortal Bruises aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said John Greavson in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Samuel Ray Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first abovewritten

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Samuel Ray Foreman