City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .}  to Wit, An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Sarah Neave the sign of the black Dog in St. James's Market  Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the eleventh day of August 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Hall then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Hall came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, that the said William Hall on the ninth day of August in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in Saint James's Market there being in Company with William Jackson It so happened that in Consequence of some aggravating Language from the said William Hall a Scuffle ensued between them the said William Hall and William Jackson and that, accidentally casually, and by Misfortune he the said William Hall fell down backwards Upon and against the Edy of a Tub used for the Purpose to hold Offals of Carcases which were killed in the Ma aforesaid By Means whereof he the said William Hall received a Mortal Bruise or Injury on some part of the Body of him the said William Hall : Of which said Mortal Bruise or Injury he the said William Hall then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that that the said William Hall in manner and by Means aforesaid accidentally, casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner } Eljah Whitaker Foreman Philip Pockham Thos Oxford Thos Ponsonby Rice Jones

W: Villily John Bradbrook Noah Dupere Richd. Woodman Robt. Rae Thos. Brooks

Jno. King Joseph Hall Chas Sharpe