City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex . to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of John Tramsfield the Sign of the Triumphant Chariot  Piccadilly Parish of St George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter , Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the nineteenth day of July 1797 in the thirty Seventh Year of the Reign on our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great - Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and So forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our Said Lord the King for the Said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Case then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names one hereunder written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the Said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to enquire our Said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Case came to h is Death, do upon their Oath Say that the said John Case on the seventeenth day of July in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in the Serpentine River in Hyde Park there going in to bathe himself It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said John Case in the Waters of the Said River was then and there Suffocated & Drowned of which said Suffocation & Drowning he the said John Case then & there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Case in manner & by the means aforesaid accidentally casually & by Misfortune came to this Death & not otherwise IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written. 

Anthy Gell Coroner John Nicholas Richd Wardle Edwd. Cormick Josh. Gately Edward Bell

George Slicer John Stilwall Thomas; Medley Richd. Wrather Wm. Masterman John Blake Marmaduke Miller