City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. Scarman No. 62 Bond Street Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the sixth day of May 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Scarman Junr then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Scarman Junr. came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Thomas Scarman not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the second day of May in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit at the Dwelling House of Mr. Scarman aforesaid a certain Pistol charged with Gun powder and a leaden Bullet which he the said Thomas Scarman then & there had & held in his right hand to and against the head of him the said Thomas Scarman Junr so being out of his Mind as aforesaid die then & there shoot off & discharge by means whereof he the said Thomas Scarman Junr did then & there give unto himself with the leaden Bullet aforesaid so discharged and shot out of the Pistol aforesaid with the force of the Gunpowder as aforesaid in & upon the head of him the said Thomas Scarman Junr one Mortal wound of the Breadth of half an Inch and of the depth of three Inches of which said Mortal wound he the said Thomas Scarman Junr. did languish and languishing did live until the fifth day of May on which said fifth day of May in the year aforesaid of the said Mortal wound he the said Thomas Scarman Junr. did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Thomas Scarman Junr. nothing of sound Mind Memory and understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the means aforesaid did kill himself

 In WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } Samuel Hewett Forman Thomas Davis James Tayler Ellis Anwyl

Chas. Scott Stepn. Limme Edwd. Owen John Hall John Allam

Wm: Horncastle Geo Gaw Wm. Abbott Thos Oliver Wm Summers