City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. James Shaddick No. 2 Princes Street in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the second day of March in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty on, View of the Body of William Lemon  Esquire then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Lemon came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said William Lemon not being of Sound Mind Memory and Understanding, but lunatic & distracted on the first day of March in therefore aforesaid, at the Parish & in the Liberty aforesaid, a certain Pistol charged with Gunpowder and a leaden Bullet, which he the said William Lemon then & there had and held in his Right hand, to & against the Head of him she said William Lemon Did then & there Shoot off & discharge by means whereof he the said William Lemon , did then & there give unto himself with the leaden Bullet aforesaid, so discharged and shot out of the Pistol aforesaid by the force of the Gunpowder aforesaid, in & upon the Head of him the said William Lemnon, one Mortal Wound of the Breadth of one Inch, & of the Death of three Inches, of which said Mortal wound he the said William Lemon then & there instantly died, And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said William Lemon Not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted in Manner & by the Means aforesaid did kill himself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Richd. Peachoy John Marks Ralph Fowler Stephen Riley  Josh. Oliver Allman

Mark Klyne Forman J. Pierce John Edgar Wm. Butler St Smith

Jonathan Langley Tho. Pace John Presland John Wells Rd. Manhole Robert Clayton

Wm. Booth Stepn. Linnen Geo Gow