City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Sixteenth day of March in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman , Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Knight then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of William Elsbee , Samuel Gould , John Lovey , John Clitherow , William Carr , John Sutton Edward Partiter , James Bishop  Thomas Richardson , Richard Emery , James Frith , John Sherwood and Nicholas Preston good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Knight came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said William Knight a Mason on the tenth day of March in the Year aforesaid being at Work upon the New Building in Somerset House in the Parish of St. Mary le Strand in the County aforesaid, and the said William Knight being then and there upon a Ladder on the outside of the said Building and near the top thereof, It so happened that the said William Knight then and there by missing his Hold, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell off and from the top of the said Ladder unto the Ground, and thereby did then and there receive one mortal Wound and Fracture in and upon the forepart of his Head of which said mortal Wound and Fracture he the said William Knight at the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, from the said Tenth day of March in the Year aforesaid until the fourteenth day of the same Month and Year, and thereof then and there did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said William Knight in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said William Elsbee Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Wm. Elibee Foreman