Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. Martin in the feilds in the Liberty of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westmr. the Twenty first day of October in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the faith and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand seven hundred and sixty one Before John Feary Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid Upon a View of the Body of Richard Lifft then and there lying Dead by the Oaths of Thomas Jones , Hugh Riddell , John Scott , Francis Tomson , Richard Killsby , Joseph Payn , John Green , Thomas Biffin Joseph Haynes , William Boyce , Jeremiah Bates , Thomas Forshall , Timothy Shaldrake , John Nodes , William Marcellus , Nicholas Lesow , and Richard Warren Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Enquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when where and in what manner the said Richard Lifft came to his Death Say upon their Oaths. That the said Richard Lifft not having the Fear of God before his Eyes but Moved and Seduced by the Instigation of the Devil on the Twentieth day of October in the Year aforesaid with Force and Arms at the Parish and in the Liberty and County aforesaid in and upon himself in the Peace of God and of our said Sovereign Lord the King then and there being Feloniously Wilfully and of his Malice forethought did make an Assault, and that the said Richard Lifft one end of a certain Peice of small Cord of no Value unto a certain Iron Bar then and there fixed over the Door of a certain Place called the Hole in the Watch house then and there situate and being (wherein the said Richard Lifft was then and there a Prisoner in Custody charged with Felony) and the other and thereof about his own Neck did fix tye and fasten and therewith did then and there hang Suffocate and Strangle himself of which said Hanging Suffocation and Strangling he the said Richard Lifft did then and there Die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Richard Lifft in manner and by the means aforesaid Feloniously Wilfully and of his Malice forethought did Kill and Minder himself against the Peace of our said Lord the King his Crown and Dignity. And that the said Richard Lifft at the time of the committing the Felony and Murder aforesaid had no Goods or Chattels Lands or Tenements within the said Liberty or elsewhere to the Knowledge of the said Jurors. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day Year and at the Place abovementioned.

Jno. Feary . Coroner .

Thos. Jones Foreman