City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty second day of September in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France & Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth,before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Peter Duffy then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Thomas Byrne , Thomas Yeomans  Peter Bunmell , Joseph Gayser David Morris  Peter Vincent , Thomas Hayes , Matthew Busher , Thomas Eaton , Richard Eagan , John Davidson , George Pressey and Thomas Seidgley good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Peter Duffy came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say , That the said Peter Duffy a Laborer on the fifteenth day of September in the Year aforesaid being at Work on the outside of the dwelling House of the Right Honorable the Earl of March situate in Piccadilly in the Parish of St.George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and being then and there upon the Party Wall of the said House, it so happened that the said Peter Duffy then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell off and from the said Party Wall unto the Ground, and thereby did then and there receive divers mortal Bruises in and upon his Body of which said Mortal Bruises he the said Peter Duffy from the said Fifteenth day of September in the Year aforesaid until the Nineteenth day of the same Month and Year, at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said Nineteenth day of September aforesaid at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid he the said Peter Duffy of the Mortal Bruises aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Peter Duffy in manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Thomas Byrne Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Thos. Byrne Foreman