City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. Downes the Sign of the Vernons head, North Audley Street Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty seventh day of April 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Charles Robe then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Charles Robe came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Charles Robe not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the said twenty seventh day of April in the year aforesaid at the Parish & in the Liberty aforesaid one end of a Leather Throng or Boot Garter unto a Curtain Rod in the Apartment of him the said Charles Robe in the Dwelling House of Mr. Drake in Grosvenor Square and the other end thereof about his own Neck did fix tye and fasten and therewith did then and there hang suffocate and strangle himself: Of which said hanging Suffocation and Strangling he the said Charles Robe then and there instantly died And so the Sim aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Charles Robe not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the Mean aforesaid did kill himself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Ellis Anwyl Constable }

J Shelton Saml Cliff John Reynolds Thomas Hawkins

Chas. Lawton Henry Johnson Robert Roobard John Williams Thos Smith Richd.

James Fisher Samuel Jas. Brittain