City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of John Tranfield the Sign of the Triumphant Chariot in piccadilly in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the nineteenth day of June 1798 in the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Wareham then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Wareham came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Wareham on the sixteenth day of June in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid to Wit in Park Lane being then and viding upon upon a certain Bay-Horse It so happened that the said Bay Horse then and there reared up upon his hind-Segs and threes the said John Wareham to and against the Ground and immediately fell backwards upon the said John Wareham thereby then and there giving unto him the said John Wareham divers Mortal Bruises on the Body of him the said John Wareham ; Of which said Mortal Bruises he the said John Wareham at Saint Georges Hospital on the said sixteenth day of June in the Year aforesaid at the and in the Liberty aforesaid, did die And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Wareham in manner and Form aforesaid and not otherwise, came to his Death. And the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Bay-Horse was moving to the death of the said John Wareham and is of the Value of twenty and five pounds and the Property of Woodmason of Clarges Street Piccadilly and to in the Custody of Mr. Fozard of Piccadilly aforesaid. IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

P Coborn Thos. Medley Jas. Harris John

Geor. Hamnett John Blackbun Henry Morton John Harped Wm Quance Wm. Manter

The Mark of John Watkinson