City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of William James Hill Sign of the Barly Mow in Mount Street , Parish of St. George Hanr Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the first day of Octr. 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Jones then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Jones came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said William Jones on the twenty seventh day of October in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To wit in Grosvenor Street there being at Work in repairing the Common Shore It so happened that accidentally casually & by Misfortune the Handle of the Windlare which he the said William Jones then & there was turning round for the Purpose of lowering some Bricks & Mortar down the said Common Shore Struck him the said William Jones upon the Breast to and against the Ground by means whereof he the said William Jones then and there received divers Mortal Bruises on his Head: Of which said Mortal Bruises so received as aforesaid he the said William Jones on the thirtieth day of September in the Year aforesaid at the Poor House of the said Parish situate in Mount Street aforesaid, did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said William Jones in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally, casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Saml Hales & foreman William Cook Jeanbaptist Slamary Wm Whittme James King

Wm. Reeves Thos. Ballard Richd. Sweet Abm Musgrave James Paxon John Stone

James Peper