City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Wilson the Sign of the Star & Garter inst. Martins Lane Parish of St. Martin in ye Field within the liberty of Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty sixth day of March 1796 in the thirty sixth- Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the third, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of Body of Mary Marshall then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how and by what Means the said Mary Marshall came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the Said Mary Marshall not being of sound Mind Memory & Understanding but lunatic & distracted on the twenty third day of March in the Year aforesaid at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in the Serpentine River in Hyde park that did cast and throw, herself by Means of which said Casting & Throwing she the said Mary Marshall in the Waters of the said River war then & Street Suffocated & drowned of which said Suffocation and Deanning she the said Mary Marshall then and there instantly died. And so the Juros aforesaid upon then Oath aforesaid do say that the said Mary Marshall not being of sound Mind Memory & Understanding but lunatic & distracted did drown and Kill Herself IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Saml. Blacklow Henry Parter John Hodgetts Edwd Bes th Charles Hayward

Tho. Powell C r. Bayley Joseph Swann Thos Waller Wm. Breurey Frar. Lindsay

James Barbury Timy Waddington