City & Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit. 

An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Margaret in the City of Westmr. within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex the Sixteenth day of May in the Fifth year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty On View of the Body of Clement Clark then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of Evan Davies , John Owens , William Bennett , John Bunney , Edward Mills , William Speeney , Philip Lemon , James Fowler , Benjamin Watson , Thomas Seamore , Thomas Wheeler , Samuel Younge and Leonard Jones good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chosen who being then and there duly sworn and charged to inquire for our said Lord the King, when, how and by what Means the said Clement Clark came to his Death do upon their Oath say, That the said Clement Clark on the Tenth day of May in the Year aforesaid being riding behind a certain Chariot belonging to Mr. William Garth drawn by two Horles in the Publick Road in the Parish of Deptford in the County of Kent , It so happend that the said Clement Clark did then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fall down from behind the said Chariot into the Ground, And that the hinder of Wheel of the said Chariot did then and there go upon and pass over the Body of the said Clement Clark so lying on the Ground as aforesaid by Means whereof he the said Clement Clark did then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune receive one mortal Bruise in and upon his rightside, of which said mortal Bruise he the said Clement Clark from the said Tenth day of May in the Year aforesaid until the Fifteenth day of the same Month and Year at the Westminster Hospital situate in the said Parish of St. Margaret within the City Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, or which said Fifteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid the said Clement Clark at the Hospital aforesaid of the said mortal Bruise did die And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Clement Clark in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. And that the said hinder of Wheel of the said Chariot, so drawn as aforesaid, was moving to the Death of the said Clement Clark, and is of the Value of five Shillings, and the Property and in the Possession of William Garth of King Street in the Parish of St. Margaret Westminster aforesaid Stable Keeper, or of his Assigns In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Evan Davies Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition, set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner .

Evan Davies  Foreman