City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  In Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Thos. Daws  Sign of the George in Davies Street  parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the first day of August 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Goodhind then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors where Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Goodhind came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Thomas Goodhind not being of sound Mind Memory & understanding, but lunatic & distracted on the said first day of August in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid in the Dwelling House of Robert Hill there scituate, with a certain Raser made of Iron & Stall, which he the said Thomas Goodhind then & there had & held in his right hand, the Throat or Gullet of him the said Thomas Goodhind, did then and there strike stab and penetrate, thereby, then & there giving unto himself the said Thomas Goodhind , sobing lunatic and distracted as aforesaid, with the Raser aforesaid, in or upon the Throat or Gullet of him the said Thomas Goodhind, One Mortal Wound of the length of three Inches, & of the depth of one Inch; Of which said Mortal Wound, he the said Thomas Goodhind then & there instantly died.

And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Thomas Goodhind not being of sound Mind, Memory & Understanding but lunatic & distracted in manner and by the means aforesaid, did kill himself. In Witness where of as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have, to this Inquisition set their hands & Seals the day, year & place above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Daniel Orme Foreman John Marshall

Wm. Walker John Piddington Robt. Ross

Thos Lyne John Rogers The Mark of James Laws Thos Brooks Chs Townsend

Richd Gawett John Clarke Jonas Murry