City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit.  An Inquisitiion Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty eighth day of January in the Fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth before Thomas Prichard Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on view of the Body of William Chaworth Esquire then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of Benjamin Love , John James , Charles Waters , Benjamin Carter , Thomas Morgan , Robert Brooks , Robert Ireland  Alexander Scholar , Thomas Barlow , Christopher Morgan , John Linnell , David Burnwall , George Mitchell  William Roberts , James Ewin , John Waltham , Caleb Atkinson and John Jackson , good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Chaworth came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That the Right Honourable William Lord  Byron on the Twenty sixth day of January in the said Fifth Year of the Reign of our said Lord the King, with Force and Arms at the Parish of St. James within the Liberty and County aforesaid, in and upon the said William Chaworth in the Peace of God and of our said Lord the King then and there being feloniously did make an Assault, And that the said William Lord Byron with a certain drawn Sword made of Iron and Steel, which he the said William Lord Byron then and there had and held in his right hand, him the said William Chaworth into and through the Body, on the left side of the Navel of him the William Chaworth did then and there Feloniously strike, stab and penetrate, and that the aforesaid, by the striking, stabbing, and penetrating aforesaid, day of January in the Year aforesaid Twenty seventh day of the same Month, in the same Year at the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County afoersaid, did languish and languishing did live, on which said Twenty seventh day of January in the Year aforesaid, at the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, he the said William Chaworth of the mortal Wound aforesaid, did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said William Lord Byron him the said William Chaworth in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Feloniously did kill and slay, against the Peace of our said Lord the King his Crown and Dignity. And that the said William Lord Byron at the time of doing and committing of the Felony and Manslaughter aforesaid, or at any time since had no Goods or Chattels Lands or Tenements to the Knowledge or Notice of the said Jurors. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Benjamin Love , Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prichard Coroner . Benjn. Love Foreman