City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .}  to wit.

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty sixth day of December in the Thirty Second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman , Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mary Spencer then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of John Debenham , William Marsdon , Thomas Mose , John Clinton , John Woolley , John Clarke , Robert Seabrook , William Kerr , Robert Rowerth , Savage Ewers , Samson Hart , and John Tranfield good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Mary Spencer came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Mary Spencer not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but Lunatick and distracted on the Twenty second day of December in the Year aforesaid at the Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid with a certain Kinfe made of Iron and Steel which she the said Mary Spencer then and there had and held in her right Hand the Throat or Gullet of her the said Mary Spencer did then and then strike stab and Penetrate thereby then and these giving unto herself with the Knife aforesaid in and upon the Thwat or Gullet of her the said mary Spencer one mortal Wound of the length of Two Inches and of the Depth of one Inch of which said mortal Wound she the said Mary Spencer from the said Twenty second day of December in the year aforesaid until the Twenty fourth day of the same Month in the same Year at the said Parish of St. Margaret and also at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live On which said Twenty fourth day of December in the year aforesaid she the said Mary Spencer po the mortal Wound aforesaid at St. Georges Hospital in the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Mary Spencer not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatick and distracted in manner and by the means aforesaid did hill herself

In Witness whereof well the said Coroner as the said John Debenham  Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day year and Place abovementioned

Tho. Prickard Coroner John Dobenhum  Foreman