Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster the Twenty third day of June in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the faith and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand seven hundred and sixty one . Before John Feary Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid Upon a View of the Body of Edward Mulby an Infant, Child of the Age of Five Months then and there lying Dead by the Oaths of Alexander Hatkins , John Douglas , John Roome , Felix Rock , George Bird , Francis Johnson , William Burley , Henry Hurd , John Russell , John Crumblehorne , William Miles , Samuel Simpson , and John Hale Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Enquire for an Sovereign Lord the King how when where and in what manner the said Edward Mulby came to his Death Say upon their Oaths. That on Saturday the twentieth day of June Instant the said Edward Mulby being found in a certain Pond called the Middle Pond in Hyde Park in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square in the Liberty and County aforesaid, the said Jurors do find that some Person or Persons to them at present unknown not having the fear of God before his her or their Eyes but being Moved and Seduced by the Instigation of the Devil on the said Twentieth day of June with Force and Arms in the Parish aforesaid in the Liberty and County aforesaid in and upon the said Edward Mulby in the Peace of God and our said Lord the King then and there being Feloniously wilfully and of his her or their Malica aforethought did make an Assault, and that the said Person or Persons to the said Jurors at present unknown the said Edward Mulby into the Middle Pond aforesaid did cast or put by means of which casting or putting as aforesaid the said Edward Mulby was then and there Drowned. And do the said Jurors aforesaid upon their Oaths aforesaid do say that the said Person or Persons to them at present unknown the said Edward Mulby in the Parish aforesaid in the Liberty and County aforesaid in manner and from aforesaid did Kill and Murder against the Peace of our said Lord the King his Crown and Dignity In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid have to this Inquisition put their hands and Seals the day Year and as the Place abovementioned.

Jno. Feary . Coroner .

Alexr. Hitkins Foreman