City & Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit. 

An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. John the Evant. in the City of Westminster , within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex the Twenty Seventh Day of May in the Fifth year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty on View of the Body of William Fulker then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of William Watson , Peter Dunbabin , George Whildon , Samuel Frith , Robert Gregory , Samuel Haggus , John Lindsey , Philip Frusher , Thomas Eldridge , James Burden , Joseph Harrison , John Beamer and William Cracken , good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chosen who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire for our said Lord the King, when how and by what Means the said William Fulker came to his Death do upon their Oath says, That on the Seventh day of May in the Year aforesaid, one Thomas Webb a Brewer's Servant was pulling up an empty Butt out of a Cellar situate in Fleet Market within the City of London and the said William Fulker being in the said Cellar assisting the said Thomas Webb therein, It so happened that the said Empty Butt Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune, and against the Will of the said Thomas Webb , did then and there fall from the top of the Cellar Stairs into the said Cellar, against and upon the said William Fulker , by Means whereof the said William Fulker did then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune receive one mortal Bruise in and upon his right Leg, of which said mortal Bruise he the said William Fulker from the said Seventh day of May in the Year aforesaid until the Twenty fifth day of the same Month and Years, at the Westminster Hospital situate and in the Parish of within the City Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing live, on which said Twenty fifth day of May in the Year aforesaid the said William Fulker at the Hospital aforesaid of the said mortal Bruise did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say. that the said William Fulker Accidentally, Casually and by Misfortune, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, came to his Death, and not otherwise. And that the said Emphy Butt was the Cause of the Death of the said William Fulker and is of the Value of Five Shillings, and the Property and in the Possession of John Scott of the said Parish of St. John the Evangelist Brewer, and his Partners, or of their Assigns. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said William Watson Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

William Watson Foreman