City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of John Tranfield  Sign of the Triumphant Chariot in Piccadilly  Parish of St. Geo: Hanr. Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the thirtieth day of December 1793 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Franklyn then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors in brose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Franklyn came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said John Franklyn on the twenty fifth day of December in the year aforesaid at the Parish of Saint James and in the Liberty aforesd. To Wit in St. James's Market there being It so happened that he the said John Franklyn was suddenly seized with a Fit on Account of which he fell to and against the Ground & then & thereby by such Fall received a Fracture in his Scull: of which said Fracture so occasioned as aforesaid be the said John Frankyln on the twenty sixth day of December in the year aforesaid at the Parish of Saint George and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in Saint George's Hospital, did die And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Franklyn in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have To this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

David Thomas Foreman.

Georg Patchitt Thos. Crop John Goodenough Wm Fenn .

Charles Lathan Heu Preston Toms Dresser John Stanfield John Wilson Randolph Hollywell Fras. Lye