Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit 

An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster the Sixth day of August in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the second by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the faith and so forth and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven hundred and sixty . Before John Feary Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King, for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid. Upon a View of the Body of Sarah Tomes then and there Lying Dead, by the Oaths of Samuel Jones , James Squit , John Fowler , George Nelson , James Meder William Mumford , Edward Jay , Germein Caronelle  John Weller , Thomas Shaw , William Smith , Charles Thierchen , William Blunt Joseph Waters and Peter Ams Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Enquire for our Sovereign Lord the King, how when where and in what manner the said Sarah Tomes came to her Death say upon their Oaths, That or Tuesday the fifth day of August Instant the said Sarah Tomes being alone in the Kitchen of the Dwelling House of Mr. Thomas Compton Grocer scituate in South Audley Street in the said Parish of St. George hanover Square in the Liberty and County aforesaid, with whom the said Sarah Tomes lived a Servant and not being of Lord Mind Memory and Understanding, but Lunatick and Distracted a certain cord of no Value in her hands did take and one part thereof round her Neck did put and place and the other part thereof round an Iron hook or Nail fastned and fixed in the Wainscot of the said Kitchen did put round tye and fasten by means of which putting placing and fastning as aforesaid the said Sarah Tomes herself did hang and strangle, by means of which hanging and strangling as aforesaid the said Sarah Tomes then and there instantly Died. And so the said Jurors aforesaid upon then Oaths aforesaid do say That the said Sarah Tomes the said fifth day of August in the Your aforesaid in the Liberty and County aforesaid, in manner and form aforesaid by her Death came and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Forenoon of the Jurors aforesaid have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year, and at the Place abovesaid.

Jno. Feary  Coroner

Saml: Jones Foreman