City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex . } to Wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of st. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty first day of January in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Cobden then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Thomas Butcher , James Shepherd , John Middleton  Joseph Froom , Thomas Box  George Smith Robert Keat , Richard Ladd , Josiah Gibson , Robert Hammond  John Read  Nicolas Warterer  William Bagshaw & Mr. Walin good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Cobden came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said John Cobden on the Nineteenth day of January in the Year aforesaid being upon a certain Black Horse in Hyde Park in the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and Riding into the Serpentine River there to Water the said Horse, It so happened that the Forefeit of the said Horse got into a Hole, and that the said John Cobden, being then ,Accidentally Casually and by fell off the said Horse into the said Serpentine River, and in the Waters thereof was then and there Suffocated and Drowned, of which said Suffocation and Drowning he the said John Cobden then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesd. upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Cobden in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his death, and not otherwise In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Thomas Butcher Foreman of the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above Written.

Tho. Prickard Coroner Thos. Butcher Foreman