City & Liberty Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Thomas Drabwell in Charles Street  Long Acton the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields  Sign of the Red Lion & held by adjournment from the 7th. day of June 1793 within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex the Eighteenth Day of June in the thirty third Year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith and so forth before Anthony Gell  Esquire  Coroner of Our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty on View of the Body of Thomas Gilbert then and there lying Dead upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said City and Liberty who being sworn and charged, to inquire for our said Lord the King, who how, and by what means, the said Thomas Gilbert came of his Death, do upon their Oath, say, that on the Fourteenth day of June in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, the said Thomas Gilbert being in a certain common Drinking Room there situate known by the Name or Sign of the Red Lion abovementioned, in which said common drinking Red one John Phillips of the Parish aforesaid, Laborer , and also divers other Persons, was and were then and there present. And that the said Thomas Gilbert without any Cause or Provocation whatever, given by the said Phillips, did then and there menace and threaten the said John Phillips , and on him the said John Phillips in the Peace of God and of our said Lord the King, did the and there being violently, make an Assault, and him the said John Phillips , without any Cause or Provocation whatsoever; did then and there beat, abuse, and evily treat. Whereupon the said John Phillips for the Preservation and Safety of his Person, and justifiably, and of inevitable Necessity did then and there with the hands of him the said John Phillips defend himself against such the violent Assault of him the said Thomas Gilbert , as it was lawful for him to do. And the said Thomas Gilbert did then and there receive against the Will of him the said John Phillips , by the Falls and Blows which the said Thomas Gilbert then and there sustained by his the said John Phillip's so defending himself as aforesaid divers mortal Bruises in and upon the Head & Body of him the said Thomas Gilbert : of which said Mortal Bruises he the said Thomas Gilbert from the Fourteenth day of June, in the Year aforesaid untill the Sixteenth day of the same Month in the same Year at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid did languish, and languishing did lived on which said Sixteenth day of June, in the Year aforesaid, he the said Thomas Gilbert , at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, of the mortal Bruises aforesaid, did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that, the said John Phillips , him the said Thomas Gilbert in the Deponent of himself, justifiably, and of inevitable Necessity, in manner and by the means aforesaid, did kill and slay.

In Witness whereof as well the said Corner as the said Sums have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals, the Day Year, and Place first above written.

Anthony Gell Coroner }

Thos. Gleaves Foreman John Chiprey Wm. Raybould David Ellis Jas Mulbins

James Wells John Jenkins Robt. Whitfield James Duman Thos. Fawson Jameson

John Farquharson