City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex , } to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of James Isling , Sign of the Genl. Elliot in Bed ford Bury parish of St. Martins in the Field within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twentieth day of Septr. 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of a female Infant child, not baptized of Daughter of Mary Wall aged all then and there three weeks lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Female Child came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said female Child on the nineteenth day of September in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being laid to sleep in a certain Turn up Bed then & there being in the room of the Dwelling House of the said Mary wall scituate in Bedford Bury aforesd. And Elizabeth Humphreys (the sister of the said Mary wall coming into the said Room & not knowing that the said female Child was then & there asleep or lying in the said Bed It so happened that the said Elizabeth Humphrey accidentally casually and by Misfortune them & these innocently turned up the said Bed, by means whereof the said female Child in the Cloaths of the said Bed, was then and there suffocated & smothered, Of which said Suffocation & Smothering she the said Female Child then & there died And so the Jurors aforesd. upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said female Child in manner & by the Means aforesaid accidently casually & by Misfortune came when death & not otherwise.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

John Blake Foreman James Orchards William Allderson Henry Cohen William Thompson

Frances Smith Henry Porter Wm Wyatt John Anson George Thursby

James Keene

The Mark of Jno. Barrington

Willm. Sheldon Wm. Chatmen