City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of John Smith the Sign of the Kings hand in James Street in the Parish of St Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty third day of May 1798 in the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Martin Rohan then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Martin Rohan came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Martin Rohan on the eighteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit on the Wharf of Alderman Staines on Mill Bank then & being employed in the They to remove some Portland Stone from one part of a certain Range to another part of the said Barge: It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune the Crane which was then & there employed in the removing of the said Portland Stone forcibly struck the said Martin Rohan to and against the Ground by means whereof the said Martin Rohan then & there received a mortal fracture of the Scull of which said Mortal fracture he the said Martin Rohan did languish & languishing did live until the twenty second day of May in the Year aforesaid on which said twenty second day of May he the said Martin Rohan of the said mortal Fracture at the Westminster Infirmary , did die. And so the Jurors aforesd. upon their oath aforesaid do say that the said Martin Rohan in manner & by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his death and not otherwise.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquistion set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Richd. Munday Edwd. Harris Thos. Wood W Brooks John Pick

John Richardson George Canlolac James. Stephen Wm Baldwin Tho Cacadeuax

Thos. Goodham Michl Oahill Geo. Lambly