City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. Remainer the Sign of the Bull in St. Anne's Court in the Parish of Saint Anne Soho within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twelfth day of September 1798 in the Ninety eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of James Mackey then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said James Mackey came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said James Mackey not being of sound Mind Memory day of September in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid in the Dwelling House of Mattias Hart in Wardour Street with a certain Razor made of Iron and Steel which he the said James Mackey then and there had & held in his right hand the Throat or Gulled of him the said James Mackey did then and there stricke stab and penetrate thereby then and there giving unto himself the said James Mackey , with the Razor aforesaid in and upon the throat or gullet of him the said James Mackey one Mortal Wound of which said Mortal Wound he the said James Mackey then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said James Mackey not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic & distracted in manner aforesd. did kill himself.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } John Vincent Jas Firth Jno Jones John Myers Henry Sw Jol

Saml. Jones Jas Brodie James Clerk John Watson Ricd. Eaton

Thomas Byfeld John Hartzinson Saml. Young Josh Bur pd I German Richd Radferd