City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Thomas Jones the Sign of the Bricklayers Arms in duke Street Grosor. Square in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the ninth day of July 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Linch an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Linch came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Thomas as Linch on the eighth day of July in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being leaning out of a certain Window in a two pair of Stairs Room in a certain House situate in Bird Street It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune. he the said Thomas Linch from and out of the said Window into land against the Stone Pavement of the Area belonging to the said House situate in Bird Street, as aforesaid, did fall: By Means where of hathe said Thomas Linch did then and there receive divers mortal Wounds & Bruises on the head of him the said Thomas Linch ; Of which said mortal wounds and Bruises he the said Thomas Linch then and was tantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that, the said Thomas Linch in manner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally casually and by Mis- -fortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Danl. Kennedy Ellis Anwyl John Wrighth James Price Rd. Thatcker

James Wiseman Alexander Bayers Joshua Edwards Joseph Wieght Thos Dixon John Blackey J: Conothy

Jas. Brittain