City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit.  An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex the Fourth Day of April in the fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of Faith and so forth before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of Our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty on View of the Body of John Griffiths an Infant then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of Thomas Willdon, Samuel Chilvers , Thomas Price , Charles Hunt , Claude George , John Cochran , John Jennings , Samuel Barker , William Pepking , Thomas Smith , Henry Sudbury , Joseph Parfect , Joseph Hedge & George Garrad , good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chose who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire for Our said Lord the King when how, and by what Means the said John Griffiths came to his Death do upon their Oath say. That on the Second day of April in the Year aforesaid, one John Sampson late of the Parish of St. Mary le bon in the said County of Middlesex Laborer, being carefully driving of a certain Carriage called a Truck, loaded with a piece of Timber, and drawn by three Horses, in a certain Street or Highway called Warwick Street, and being on the right side of his Horses, with a Rope called the Leader in his hand, and then and there turning the Corner out of the said Street or Highway into Beet Street, in the said Parish of St. James within the Liberty and County aforesaid, And the said John Griffiths then and there passing along the said Street called Beet Street, and coming behind the said John Sampson and unseen by him, It so happened that the foremost End of the said piece of Timber then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune struck against the right side of the Head of the said John Griffiths , whereby the said John Griffiths did then and there receive one Mortal Fracture on the said right said of his Head, of which said Mortal Fracture he the said John Griffiths then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said John Griffiths in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. And that the said piece of Timber was the Cause of the Death of the said John Griffiths , and is of the Value of twelve Shillings, and the Property and in the Possession of Mason Cornish of little Marlborough Street in the said Parish of St. James Carpenter, or of his Assigns. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Thomas Willdon Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Thos Willdon Foreman