City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of the Sign of the Cooper Arms  Caused in the Parish of St Margaret within the Liberty of Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty second day of Novr. 1799 in the fortieth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty on, View of the Body of William Chidley Manson aged 9 yrs then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Chidley Manson came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said William Chidley Manson on the fifth day of November in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the LIberty aforesaid being alone It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune the wearing Appeal which he the said William Chidley Manson then & there had on Body accidentally causally and by Misfortune by Means whereof and from the Smoke and Flame arising from the said Fire he the said William Chidley Manson was thew and there hunt of which said ning he the said William Chidley Manson did languish and languishing did until the eighteenth day of November in the Year aforesaid on which said Eighteenth day of November in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid he the said William Chidley Manson of the said Burning did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said William Chidley Manson in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Thomas Bennett Edward Chapman Wm. Summenly Joshua Wild Jno. Gorden

Jno. Broom V. Partson Wm. Carter Tho. Hasket Geo. Murdock Tho. Garner

Saml. Higby Jonn. Griffiths