City and Liberty of Westmisnter, In the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of John Tomfield in Piccaddly in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square known by the Sign of the Triump within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty third day of November 1792 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of David yeates then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of John Brutton , Samuel Newton Riviere , James Raddell , William Hopwood , William Fenn , George Mitchell , William Low , Philip Metasier , Edward Cooper , Abraham Skegg , Charles Wand Alexander Henderson , and John Mattam good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said David yeates came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said David yeates , on the Sevententh day of November in the year aforesaid, at the Parish, and in the Liberty aforesaid. To Wit in or near Browns Court, Nath Row. Green Street, then and there casually passing by, wilst a small Canon was fixing off by two Boys It so happened, that accidentally casually and by Misfortune, be the said David yeates then and there received one Mortal Wound, on the left Side of the right Nipple of him the said David yeates of which said Mortal Wound, he the said David yeates from the said Seventeenth day of November, in the year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, To Wit in a certain Hospital there called Saint George's Hospital did languish, and languishing did live, until the Twentieth day of November in the year aforesaid in the Hospital aforesaid When be the said David yeates of the Mortal wound aforesaid, did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said David yeates , accidentally, casually and by Misfortune in manner aforesaid came to his Death, and not otherwise

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day. Years and Place above written

Anthy Gell  Coroner

John Brutton Fore man }

Saml. Newton  Riviere James Randall Wm. Hopwood Wm Fenn Geo: Mitchill

Wm Low Phillip Metivie Edward Cooper Abraham Shegg Charles. Wadd

Alexr: Henderson John Mattam