City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Ninth day of May in the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Wilton then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Samuel Kemp , Thomas Hitchin , William Brockett , James Wild , John Cock , George Twigg , Richard Sherlock , John Askins , Joseph Miller , John Burchell , Joseph Charles , Henry Steele , William Davies and John Lumsden good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when how, and by what Means the said Thomas Wilton came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Thomas Wilton a Carpenter on the Twenty seventh day of April in the Year aforesaid, being at Work, and standing upon a long Ladder at Vauxhall in the Parish of St. Mary Lambeth in the County of Surry, It so happened that the said Ladder then and there Slipped, and that the said Thomas Wilton Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell down off and from the top thereof, upon a certain Pale or Spike, by Means whereof he the said Thomas Wilton did then and there receive one mortal Wound in and upon his Right side under the right Arm, of which said mortal Wound he the said Thomas Wilton from the said Twenty seventh day of April in the Year aforesaid until the Seventh day of May in the same Year at the said Parish of St. Mary Lambeth and also at the Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said Seventh day of May in the Year aforesaid, of the mortal Wound aforesaid he the said Thomas Wilton at the said Parish of St. Margaret within the City Liberty and County aforesaid, did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Thomas Wilton Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Samuel Kemp Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Years and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Saml. Kemp Foreman