City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint. Anne within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Fourteenth day of December in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Edward Rawling then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Samuel Bradford , Elias Hebrard , George Wills , Samuel Newman , John Steward , John Battersby , Philip Kirkin , Alexander Richa , William Walter , William Crook , Thomas Ralph , George Ray and Edward Spicer good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Edward Rawling came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say , That the said Edward Rawling, and Franklin Thomas his Fellow Workman, on the Fifth day of December in the Year aforesaid, want only and for their diversion, having hold of each other, in the Workshop of Thomas Chipindale Cabinet maker, situate in St. Martins Lane in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty and County aforesaid, It so happened that the said Edward Rawling fell down upon the Floor in the said Workshop, and thereby then and there Casually and by Misfortune and against the will of the said Franklin Thomas received a mortal Bruise, and Fracture of how of his Ribs on the left side, of which said Bruise and Fracture the said Edward Rawling from the said Fifth day of December in the year aforesaid until the Tenth day of the same Month and Year at the said Parish of St. Martin in the Fields , and also at the said Parish of St. Anne within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live on which said Tenth day of December aforesaid, at the said Parish of St. Anne aforesaid, he the said Edward Rawling of the mortal Bruise and Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, That the said Edward Rawling Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune, and against the Will of the said Franklin Thomas, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid came to his death. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Samuel Bradford Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first abovewritten

Tho. Prickard Coroner S: Bradford Foreman}