City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Charles Biggs the Sign of the one Tun in the Strand in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twentieth day of August 1798 in the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty on, View of the Body of James Waldie then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said James Waldie came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said James Waldie not being of Sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the eighteenth day of August in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid one end of a certain piece of Ribband fastened into the Bnnister in the Landing place of the Dwelling House of the said James Waldie and the other and thereof about his own Neck did fix lye and fasten & there with did then and there hang suffocate & strangle himself. Of which said Hanging suffocation and strangling he the said James Waldie then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said James Waldie not being of Sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic & distracted in manner and by the Means aforesaid did Kill himself

 IN WITNESS whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day, Year and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner } Wm. Allison Josh. Sharp Wm Aked T Williams Josh. Groves Tho. Gray Wm. Wyatt

Edwd. Bagthorpe Benj. Russell M. Windes Saml. Blacklayer Geo. Walley Richd. Brand

Benj. Hinks