Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit  An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields in the Liberty of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster the Sixth day of February in the second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King defender of the Faith and so forth and in the Year of our Lord one Thousand seven Hundred and Sixty two Before John Feary Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, upon a View of the Body of Elizabeth Read and infant of the Age of three Years then lying Dead in the Parish of St. Martin in the Feilds in the Liberty of Westminster aforesaid by the Oaths of Edward Goward , Thomas Slogdale , James Stiles , James Ennison , Henry Hanks , Francis Allen , John Lodge , John Buhl , Christr. Sink , William Gilling , Andrew Hog , Henry Mills , Joseph Mason , John Albin John Acorn , William Wendley Isaac Phillipon , Sollomon Moxley  Thos. Forshal , & Thos. Jeffreys Good and lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and charged to Enquire for our Sovereign Lord the King, how when where and in what manner, the said Elizabeth Read came to her Death, say upon their Oaths. That on Friday the fifth Instant the said Elizabeth Read being of the Age of 3 Years and (where its Parents dwell) alone in a Room in a certain House in Northumberland Court situate in the Parish of St. Martin in the Feilds in the Liberty aforesd it so happened that the said Elizabeth Read as she was then and there in the said Room in which there was a Fire that the said Fire, then and there accidently, Casually and by Misfortune the Cloaths of the said Elizabeth Read , did Fire by reason whereof and from the Smoke and Flame arising from the said Fire she the said Elizabeth Read was then and there suffocated and Burnt of which said suffocation and Burning she the said Elizabeth Read then and there died, and so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid do say that that the said Elizabeth Read in Manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally, casually and by Misfortune came to her Death and not otherwise, In Witness whereof the Coroner as well as the, Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid have hereunto set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned

Jno. Feary . Coroner .

Thos. Jefferys Foreman