City & Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.  In Inquisition Indented taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of Robert Feulosen , Pauton Street  Haymarket Parish St. Martin in the Fields Sign of the Union Arms within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex the Seventeenth day of May in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth before Anthony Gell Upr. Coroner of our said Lord the King, for the said City and Liberty on View of the Body of Thomas Eaton then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said City and Liberty, duly chosen, and who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King when, how and by what Means the said Thomas Eaton came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, that some Person or Persons to these Jurors unknown not having the Fear of God before their Eyes, but moved and seduced by the Instigation of the Devil, on the fifteenth day of May, in the Year aforesaid, with force and Arms, in or near Oxenden Street in the Parish aforesaid, in and upon the said Thomas Eaton , in the Peace of God, and of our said Lord the King, then and there being, feloniously wilfully, and of their Malice aforethought did make an Assault. And that the said Person or Persons to these Jurors unknown then and there feloniously wilfully, and of his or their Malice aforethought did beat to the Ground him the said Thomas Eaton and that the said Thomas Eaton did then and there receive one Mortal Wound or the back of the Head of him the said Thomas Eaton Of which said Mortal Wound he the said Thomas Eaton then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Person or Persons unknown him the said Thomas Eaton in manner and by the Means aforesaid feloniously wilfully, and of his or their Malice aforethought, did kill and Murder against the Peace of our said Lord the King, his Crown and Dignity. And that the said Person or Persons unknown, after he or they had committed the Felony and Murder aforesaid, in manner and by the Means aforesaid, withdrew, and fled for the same

And that the time of the committing thereof, or at any time since he or they the said Person or Persons unknown, had not any Goods or Chattels, Lands or Tenements, within the said County or elsewhere to the Knowledge of the said Jurors.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Benjn. Capper Geo Bourne Andrew Smith John Kems The Mark of Thos Webb .

John Jones Louis Horts Valle Wm Arquhart Jno Johns John Moddocks

Edwd Coleman W Barnett Machell Stace