City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. Kerby Sign of the Butcher's Arms in Marlboro Court  Carnaby Market , Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter , Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Sixth day of July 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of George King an Infant aged Seven years then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names me hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the Said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said George King came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, that the said George King on the fifth day of July in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being inquest Cumberland Street near into two then (the one the Father of the St. George King) who had then and there fixed up poles for the purpose of beating Carpets and which said two Men were then and there beating a Carpet It so happened that a sudden Gust of wind did blow the said Poles to the Ground by Means whereof he the said George King accidentally, Causally, and by Misfortune be the said George King by one of the said Poles received one Mortal Wound on his left Temple, of which said Mortal wound be the said George King then and there instantly died and so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said George King in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally, Casually, and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors came To this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day, year, and place first above written

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Jas. Darling Foreman Joseph Pavey

The Mark of Thos. Hopkins

Wm. Lloyd Thos. Miles

Thos Lyam Benjn Smarts Henry White

Thomas Branak Willm. Seers Edwad Webb Wm Locke