City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Humphry Chadwick , Little George Street , Chapel St  of St. Margarets  Sign of the Horshoes within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty sixth day of June 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Joseph Orten then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names and hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what means the said Joseph Orten came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Joseph Orten not being of sound Mind, Memory, and Understanding, but lunatic and distracted, on the twenty fifth day of June in the year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the liberty aforesaid a certain Gun, called a Musket, charged with Gunpowder and a Leaden Bullet, which he the said Joseph Orten placed against his own Breast, did then and there shoot off & discharge by means whereof he the said Joseph Orten did then and there give unto himself, with the leader Bullet aforesaid (which passed entirely through his Body) so discharged & shot out of the Green aforesaid, by the face of the Gunpowder aforesaid one Mortal wound of which said Mortal Wound he the said Joseph Orten there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Joseph Orten , not being of sound Mind, Memory, and Understanding, but lunatic and distracted, in manner and by the Means aforesaid, did kill himself

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors time to this Inquisition set their hands & Seals the day year & place first above written

George Lucas John Maclin Thomas Watson Anthy Gell  Coroner John Griffith Forman

Thos. Haigh

J I Lauran John Bendett

John Allock Edwd. Newnham Jam. Cosby

Jas. Hicks Wm. Slater Benjn. Wipen