City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit. 

An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Margaret in the City of Westmr. within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Sixteenth day of May in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth, before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Wooldridge then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of George Hewitt , Richard Robertson , James Brown Benjamin Watson , William Lockie , Evan Davies , Thomas Clarke , James Borden , George King , Peter Dunbabin , John Morrice , John Moys and Samuel Healy good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly Chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what means the said John Woodridge, came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That on the fourteenth day of March in the Year aforesaid the said John Wooldridge , with three other Persons being Cading a Cart with Timber at a certain place called the Horseferry situate in the Parish of St. John the Evangelists within the City and Liberty aforesaid in the County aforesaid, And the said John Wooldridge and the three other Persons having lifted up a piece of Wood called Elm so high as the tail of the said Cart, It so happened that the feet of the said John Wooldridge slipped, and the said John Wooldridge then and there fell down upon his Back, by reason whereof one End of the said piece of Elm Accidentally Casually and by misfortune came down and fell upon the Breast and Belly of the said John Wooldridge , whereby the said John Wooldridge did then and there, by the weight and pressure of the said piece of Elm, receive divers Mortal Bruises in and upon his said Belly, of which said Mortal Bruises he the said John Wooldridge from the said fourteenth day of March in the Year aforesaid until the Fifteenth day of May in the same Year, at the Westminster Hospital , situate in the said Parish of St. Margaret within the City and Liberty aforesaid in the County aforesaid, did languish and languishing did live, on which said fifteenth day of Mary in the Year aforesaid, the said John Wooldridge at the said Hospital, of the Bruises aforesaid, did Dye And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said John Wooldridge Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidently Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. And that the said Piece of Elm was the Occasion of the Death of the said John Wooldridge , and is of the Value of one Shilling and six pence, and the Property and in the Possession of Pope of the Parish of St. John the Evangelists in Westminster  Wheelwright , or of his Assigns. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said George Hewitt Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Geo: Hewitt Foreman