City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.   An Inquisition Intended, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Eleventh day of October in the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Michael Mc. Donald then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Richard Pratt , Edward Sumpter , Richard Pain , John Rice , William Marsh , Richard Hudson , Robert Jarvis , Thomas Thornton  John Cale , Samuel Hewitt John Braser , John Goldwell , Peter Voice , Charles Ohary , William Gill and Benjamin Frears good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Michael Mc. Donald came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Michael Mc. Donald on the Ninth day of October in the year aforesaid in the Evening being in a Place called Mason's Yard in the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and then and there being Intoxicated and in Liquor It so happened that the said Michael Mc. Donald then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell down upon a large piece of Timber lying on the Ground near unto a New Building in the said Yard, by Means whereof the said Michael Mc. Donald then and there did receive one mortal Fracture in and upon his Forehead over the Right Eye, of which said mortal Fracture he the said Michael Mc. Donald at the Parish aforesaid and also at the Parish of St George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, from the Ninth day of October in the Year aforesaid until the Tenty day of the same Month and Year did languish at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square he the said Michael Mc. Donald of the mortal Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Michael Mc. Donald in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Richard Pratt Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written.

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

Richd. Pratt Foreman