City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex } to Wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of William Carpmeal Sign of the Coach & Horses in Mount Street  parish of St. George Hanr. Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of middlesex , the nineteenth day of August 1794 in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the king for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Benjamin Baker then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of The Several Jurors whose Names are here under written and And Seals Affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Benjamin Baker came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, that the said Benjamin Baker on the eighteenth day of August in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the liberty aforesaid to wit in Hyde Park , going into the Serpentine River there to ba the himself It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said Benjamin Baker was in the Water of the said River then and there Suffocated and drowned of which said Suffocation and Drowning. he the said Benjamin Baker then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon Chair Oath aforesaid, do say, the the said Benjamin Baker in manner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally casually and by misfortune can to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness where of as well the said Coroner in the said Jurors lane to to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year and place fait above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Mills Thomas Foreman W Massey Jno. Tinwell James Paxon

Thos Dean Wm. Mortlock John Baker James Badger Thomas Masters George Bernard Joseph Gulley

Jas Crew