City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the forth day of May in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Fowler then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of James Misson , James Barrett , William Upward , William Hepburn , William Scirvin , Thomas Denham , James Lawrence , Senr . James Lawrence  junr . John Cartwright . William Patterson , Henry Burt , Abraham Wood , Richard Hatch , and William Armstead good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Fowler came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said William Fowler a Bricklayer on the second Day of May in the Year aforesaid, being at work upon the Top of an House situate in Spring Garden in the Parish of St. Martin in the Field in the County aforesaid, it so happened that the said William Fowler accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell off and from the top of the said House upon the Stone pavement staring garden aforesaid, by means where of, he the said William Fowler did then and there receive divers mortal Fractures on the Right side of the Head and mortal Bruises in the Body of him the said William Fowler of which said Mortal Fractures and Bruises he the said William Fowler , at the said Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid, languished about three Hours and there of at the said Parish of St. Margaret did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said William Fowler in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by misfortune came to his Death. In Witness where of as well the said Coroner. as the said James Musson Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

James Musson  Foreman