City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.  

 An Inquitition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Ninth day of May in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas English an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Noble , John Ellis , Joseph Skinner , James Chisholm , Thomas Watson , Thomas Fidgon , William Pursell , Thomas George , John Emerson , William Iles , Richard Strange and Silvester Freeman Good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly Chosen, whe being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas English came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Thomas English on the Twenty eighth day of April in the Year aforesaid being running along the Street behind St. Clements Church in the Parish of St. Clement Danes within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and the Door of the Coal bellar of Joseph Walker Dealer in Coals situate in the said Street being then open, It so happened that the said Thomas English then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell out of the said Street into the said Coal bellar, and thereby did then and there receive a mortal Concussion in and upon the Brain of him the said Thomas English , of which said Mortal Concussion he the said Thomas English from the said Twenty eighth day of April in the Year aforesaid until the Eighth day of May in the same Year, at the said Parish of St. Clement Danes and also at the said Parish of St. Margaret , within the aforesaid, did languish and languishing did live, on which said Eighth day of May in the Year aforesaid at the said Parish of St. Margaret, he the said Thomas English of the mortal Concussion aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Thomas English in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said John Noble Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first abovewritten

Tho. Prickard Coroner John Noble Foreman