City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of Michael Appleby the Sign of the Crown in Green Street  Leicester Fields  parish of St Martin in ye Field within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the seventeenth day of January 1795 in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Maria Palmer an Infant then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the several Jurors where Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Maria Palmer came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Maria Palmer on the sixteenth day of January in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in the Lodging Room or Apartment of her Mother at No. 6 in Green Street there being alone, It so happened that the Cloaths or Apparel which she the said Maria Palmer then & there had on her Body accidentally, casually and by Misfortune took fire, by Mason whereof and from the Smoke and flame arising from the said fire she the said Maria Palmer was then and there suffocated and burnt: Of which said Suffocation and Burning, she the said Maria Palmer then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Maria Palmer in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to her death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day, year and place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Joshua Edward Forman Wm. Cockham Geo wit mand

David Stephens Hugh May Chas Woodward Richd. Davis Mr. Bre Saml Gregory

James Sheriff George Shaffer Good Jackman James Tansey Samuel Andrews Jno Fleetham Peter Hay