City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Michael Roberts the Sign of the sd Lion in old Pye Street  Parish of St. John within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the second day of November 1795 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Margaret Pettington then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Margaret Pettington came to her Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Margaret Pettington not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding but lunatic and distracted on the thirty first day of October in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid to Wit in Pye Street aforesaid one end of a certain Piece of small Cord units on Iron Nail fastened into the Wainscott in the Lodging Room of her the said Margaret Pettington and the other end thereof about her own Neck did fix tye and fasten and therewith did then and that hang suffocate and strangle herself: of which said Hanging Suffociation and Strangling she the said Margaret Pettington then and there instantly died. And so the Sworn aforesaid upon their path aforesaid do say that the said Margaret Pettington not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the means aforesaid did kill herself

IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner John Randal Foreman John Shepherd William Porle John Vincent

John Raner George Lane Thos. Batkin  Junr. Thos: Batkin John Goodmen James Brockhell

Wm. Phillips Wm. Young John Mangor Moses Ford