City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit.  An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint Ann , within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex the Twenty Ninth day of May in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and and so forth before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of Our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, On View of the Body of Mary Baily an infant then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of John Moorman , John Hudson , George Grig , Sampson Hackett  Samuel Tilt , John Dessart , Henry Heitland , William Askew , Lewis Flaston , George Buckie , John Hackcroft , Samuel Snow , John Hathorn Hugh Thomas , James Smeaton , William Smith , Stephen Mitchel & Charles Scott , good and lawful Men of the said Liberty duly chosen who being then and there duly Sworn and Charged to inquire for Our said Lord the King, when how, and by what Means the said Mary Baily came to her Death do upon their Oath say, That on the Twenty third day of May in the Year aforesaid the said Mary Bailey being playing with her Sister Elizabeth Baily on the inside of a Window upon the Stair case in the dwelling House of Robert Roberts situate and being in a certain Court called St. Ann's Court at the said Parish of St. Ann within the Liberty and Country aforesaid, And the lower part of the Sash of the said Window being put up, It so happened that Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune the said Mary Baily fell out of and through the said Window, into and upon the backyard adjoining to the said House, which was paved with Stone, whereby the said Mary Baily did then and there, by the said fall, receive on Mortal Fracture on the back part of her Head, of which said Mortal Fracture she the said Mary Baily from the said Twenty third day of May in the Year aforesaid until the Twenty sixth day of the same Month and Year, at the said Parish Liberty and County did languish and languishing did live, On which said Twenty sixth day of May in the Year aforesaid the said Mary Baily at the Parish Liberty and County aforesaid, of the said Mortal Fracture, did Dye. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Mary Baily in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to her Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said John Moorman Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written.

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Jno. Moorman Foreman