City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex ,} to Wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Vestry Room at the work House at little Chelsea  Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the ninth day of January 1794 in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Francis Rose then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors where Names are here under written & Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Francis Rose came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Francis Rose on the Sixth day of January in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid to wit in a certain Road leading from little Chelsea to Fulham Fucer to the said Work House, then and there being rather indicated with Liquor It so happened that he the said Francis Rose accidentally casually and by Misfortune fell from off the foot path in the said Road down into certain Garden Ground in which said Garden ground were a ceiling with Nails therein that the said, Francis Rose in falling against the said Ceiling & Nails received a Matel wound in his head of which said Mortal Wound he the said Francis Rose then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that, the said Francis Rose in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise.

In Witness where of as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day year & Place above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Wm. Dickins Foreman Thomas Hird Job Dawsing Wm. Bradley

Richd Hunt Wm. Reeve John Foulston Benj Uphill Thos. Thos. Sebn. Mason David Williams

J Skelton J Harries