City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of James Goodridge the Sign of the one Jun in Coventry Street Parish of St. Martin in ye Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the eighteenth day of July 1798 in the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Birks then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Birks came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Birks not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the said eighteenth day of July in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid with a certain Pen Knife made of Iron and Steel which he the said John Birks then and there lead and held in his right hand in and upon the Throat of Gullet of him the said John Birks did then and there strike slab and penetrate thereby then and there giving unto himself the said John Birks Sheers Mortal Wounds: of which said Mortal Wounds he the said John Birks then and there instantly died. And so the Sums aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do so say, that, the said John Birks , not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the means aforesaid did kill himself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Jas. Keilty George Ackroyd John Maynard Heny. Mackenzie Wm. Biss

James White Thomas Garell Archr. Cockburn Richard Lunt William Smith Willm: Morris Robert Brown

Wm. Warning John Maddox Shulmettory Moses Huguenon