City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex ,} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Richard Nightingale the Sign of the Crown in york Street  Paris of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Jeremiah Corley then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duty sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Jeremiah Corley came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Jeremiah Corley not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding but delicious and distracted on the second day of August in the year aforesaid at the Parish of st. Martin in the Fields in the Liberty aforesaid from and out of a certain two pair of Stairs Window then and there being in the Chamber or Apartment of him the said Jeremiah Corley in a certain House in Round Court did violently cast and thow himself to the ground to and against the Stone Pavement in round Court aforesaid by means of which said Casting and Throwing he the said Jeremiah Caley did then and that receive a Mortal laceration on the light Lobe of the Liver of him the Said Jeremiah Corley : of Which said Mortal Wound he the said Jeremiah Caley at rhe Westminster Infirmary in the Parish of St. Margaret aforesaid in the Liberty aforesaid did languish and languishing did live untill the eighth day of the same Month in the same year on which said eighth day of august at the said Westminster Infirmary of the Mortal Laceration aforesaid he the said Jeremiah Corley did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Jeremiah Corley not being of sound of Mind Memory and understanding but delirious and distracted in manner and by the Means aforesaid did kil himself did kill himself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above Written.

Anthy Gell Coroner Rd. Hodgson Foreman } John Fall Thos. John Bowry

Ths. Cowderey Wm. Ventors John Lane John Hendric C Smith Thomas Rice

John Machin Thos Hospell Wm Sinnoch