City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of the Betty Mc.Kenzie No 23 in Salisbury Street, Strand Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fourth day of July 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Betty Mc. Kenzie then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Juror whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Betty Mc. Kenzie came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Betty Mc. Kenzie on the third day of July in the Year aforesaid being in a certain Boat on the River Thames with Mr. John Windus and Cornelius Dyer a Waterman It so happened that the said Betty Mc. Kenzie acciden- tally casually and by Misfortune fell out of the said Boat into the said River Thames (nearly opposite to Juke Shore) and in the Waters of the said River was then and there suffocated and drowned Of which said Suffocation and Drowning she the said Betty Mc. Kenzie then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Betty Mc. Kenzie in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune, came to her Death and not otherwise.

 In WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Jn.. Fentum Wm Jeffs Wm Young Wm Sinson Benjm. Capper

Thos Larkin John Bull Thos Davis Jno. Warne Edward Fell Bubb

Isaac Bignold