City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Eighth day of September in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Gillingham then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of James Masson , Morris Mabley , Edward Gooch , Thomas Bray , Robert Lincoln , John Shillita , Elexander Peffers , William Jordan , Thomas Gosheron , John Watson , Edward Lowe , William Young and Robert Minns good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Gillingham came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say , that the said Thomas Gillingham a Carpenter, on the thirtieth day of August in the year aforesaid, being at Work in the Dwelling House of Messrs. Stanger and Griffin situate in St. James Street in the Parish of St. James within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and then and there standing with one Foot upon a Copper and the other upon a Bracket against the Wall of the said House. It so happened that the said Thomas Gillingham Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune, fell down across the back of a Chair, and thereby received a mortal bruise upon and near unto his private parts, of which said mortal Bruise the the said Thomas Gillingham at the said Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid, from the said thirtieth day of August in the year aforesaid, until the seventh day of September in the same year, did languish and languishing did live, on which said seventh day of September in the year aforesaid, he the said Thomas Gillingham at the Parish last mentioned of the mortal Bruise aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said Thomas Gillingham in manner and by the means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said James Masson Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner James Masson Foreman