City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Eighteenth day of October in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Edward Jones then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Pettis , James Sams , Abraham Webber , John Stevens , John Wood , Frederick Troy , Thomas Danovan , James Flinn , William Flinn , Martin Kery . Richard Burton and Henry Cadnam good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire of our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Edward Jones came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Edward Jones a Bricklayer's Laborer on the Twelfth day of October in the Year aforesaid being at Work at a new Building in James Street in the Parish of St. Mary le bone and County aforesaid, and being then and there preparing Mortar for the Bricklayers, It so happened that a certain Brick Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell off and from a Scaffold on the outside of the said Building upon the Head of the said Edward Jones , by Means whereof the said Edward Jones then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune received one mortal Wound and Fracture in and upon the back part of the Head of him the said Edward Jones , of which said Wound and Fracture he the said Edward Jones from the said Twelfth day of October in the Year aforesaid until the Sixteenth day of the same Month at the said Parish of St. Mary- le bone , and also at the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said Sixteenth day of October at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, he the said Edward Jones of the mortal Wound and Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid aforesaid do say, that the said Edward Jones in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his death. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said John Pettis Foreman of the said Jurors, have hereunto set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner Jno Pettis Foreman