City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

 An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the First day of September in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Ford then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of William Hodson William Dorset , John Croucher , Thomas Coward , Benjamin Pollard , Nathaniel Jackson , Thomas Lettileir , Henry Clement , Anthony Haynes , Ralph Glover , Lustan Vaughan , and Thomas Exten good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duty sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Ford came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Thomas Ford on the Twenty eighth day of August in the Year aforesaid at the Parish of Saint James in the Liberty and County aforesaid being walking on the Tiling the top of the Parapet wall of the Dwelling House of Mr. Dorset situate the corner of Swallow Street and Piccadilly in the said Parish of St. James in the Liberty and County aforesaid, it so happened that part of the said Tiling gave way and fell to the Ground by reason whereof he the said Thomas Ford did then and there accidentally casually and by Misfortune fall from the said Parapet wall upon the Stone Pavement of the Street and by means thereof did then and there receive by the Fall aforesaid a Violent and Mortal Fracture on the top of his head, of which said Violent and mortal Fracture he the said Thomas Ford from the said Twenty eighth day of August in the Year aforesaid until the Thirtieth day of the same month in the same Year at the said Parish of Saint James in the Liberty and County aforesaid and also at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square in the Liberty and County aforesaid to wit in St. George Hospital did Languish and Languishing did Live which said Thirtieth day of August in the Year aforesaid he the said Thomas Ford of the Violent and Mortal Fracture aforesaid at the said Hospital at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square in the Liberty and County aforesaid did Dye. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Thomas Ford in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid on behalf of himself and the rest of the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their Hands, and Seals the Day Year and at the Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner

W. Hodson