City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Abraham Barker the Sign of the Blue Posts King Street  Golden Square in the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Sixteenth day of February in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign on our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Alexander Beard then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names one here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Alexander Beard came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Alexander Beard not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic & distracted on the fifteenth day of february in the year aforesaid at the Parish & in the Liberty aforesaid one end of a certain Silk Hankerchief unto the top of the Bed post & the other End thereof about his own Neck did Fix tye & Fasten & therewith did then and there hang Suffocate & strangle himself; Buhich said hanging suffocation and Strangling he the said Alexander Beard then & there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Alexander Beard not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic & distracted in manner & by the Means aforesaid did Kill himself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

James Hartley John Harris

Richd Rachel David Skinner

Jno. Prickard Rd Collat

John Greensted Wm. Scott Jas. Lewis Wm. Streller Edwd. Willm. Sweet

James Boy