City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Thomas Huggins Sign of the Barn in St. Martins law Parish of St. Martins within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fourth day of February 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City, and Liberty, on View of the Body of Carptain Garbutt then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Juror whose Names are here under written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Captain Garbutt came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Captain Garbutt on the Evening of Monday the third day of February in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid in endeavouring to gain Admission into the pitt of the Little Theate in the Haymarket It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune and by the pressure of the Crowd of persons also endeavouring to gain Admission into the said Pitt He the said Captain Garbutt was Suffocated thrown down and trampled upon in the passage there lending to the said Pitt: Of which said Suffocation and Trampling be the said Captain Genbutt then & there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said Captain Garbutt in manner and by the Means aforesaid aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner on the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year & Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Tho: Wallis Foreman John Green Wm Lewis Thos. Kingham Chas. Rymer

Thos. Middleditch P LeJeune Richd Adey Alex Archer Jno. Beavan Thomas Stiff P Richardson