City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. Margaret in the City of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Third day of September in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John White then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Ralph Woodman , William Spiney , George Tolfrey , William Martin  Francis Russell  Jacob Knight , George Gunnery , William Lockie , Thomas Waller , Silas Payne , John Lane , Richard Robinson , John Edwards , Thomas Stanley , William Franklin and William Mitchell , good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John White came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said John White on the Eighteenth day of August in the Year aforesaid being in a Garret in the dwelling House of Mr. Powell situate on Mill Bank in the Parish of St. John the Evangelist within the City Liberty and County aforesaid, and then and there hearing a great Noise in the said House & going hastily down Stairs, It so happened that the said John White Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell over the Hand rail on the Third pair of Stairs unto the Ground at the bottom of the said Stairs, (the same being a Well Staircase) and thereby then and there did receive one mortal Wound on the left side of the Head and a violent Concussion in and upon the Brain, of him the said John White , of which said mortal Wound and Concussion he the said John White from the Eighteenth day of August in the Year aforesaid until the Third day of September in the same Year at the said Parish of St. Margaret within the City Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said Third day of September in the Year aforesaid, he the said John White at the said Parish of St. Margaret, of the mortal Wound and Concussion aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John White in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Ralph Woodman Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Ralph Woodman Foreman