City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mrs Gough Sign of the Ox & in Downing Street Parish of St Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the eighth day of October 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Queen then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Queen came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said William Queen a Gunner in the Royal Regiment of Artillery, on the eighth day of October in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit at certain Barracks seituate and being in Privy Gardens then and that being It so happened that acci- -dentally casually and by Misfortune he the said William Queen fell from off the Top of the Ladder at the Entrance of the said Barracks unto & against the Ground by Means whereof he the said William Queen then and there received divers Mortal Bruises on the Body of him the said William Queen as also some internal Injury: Of which said Mortal Bruises and internal Injury he the said William Queen then and there shortly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesd. do say that the said William Queen in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Thomas Stead Foreman Thomas Gyde J. M. Christ Alexr Bower

Saml. Daniel Jno. Dixcee Jon. Thomas John Hendrie Thos. Pearson William Williams

Richd Brick George Collins Robert Hughes