City & Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit  An Inquisition Indented taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Workhouse belonging to the Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex the First day of February in the Thirty Third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great-Britain, France Ireland King Defender of the Saith, and so fath before Anthony Gell , Esqr . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on view of the Body of a New born Male Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Thomas Haigh  Samuel Tansley , John Daimond , Humphrey Chadwick , William Attwood Thomas Robinson  Jonathan Waite  John Young , Thomas Cowley , John Barratt , James Green , James Johnson , William Dawson William Jacques Thomas Wilkinson , John Whitmarsh , Richard Carter , John Rowland , good and lawful Men of the said Liberty derby chosen who being then and there duly sworn and charged to inquire for our said Lord the King when had and by what Means the said male Infant Child came to his Death, do upon there Oath say that Mary Lewis late of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , Spinster , otherwise called Mary Greenwood , late of the same Spinster , on the twenty ninth day of January in the thirty third year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third King of Great Britain & being big with a Male Child the same day and year at the Parish aforesaid in the County aforesaid by the Providence of God did bring forth the said Child alive of the Body of her the said Mary which said Male Child so being born alive by the Laws of this Realon was a Bastard and that the said Mary not having the fear of God before her Eyes but being moved and seduced by the Instigation of the Devil afterwards (To Wit) on the said twenty ninth day of January in the Thirty Third year aforesaid with force and Arms at the Parish aforesaid in the County aforesaid in and upon the said Male Bastard Child in the Peace of God and of our said Lord the King then and there being feloniously wilfully of her Malice aforethought did make an Assault, and that the said Mary a certain Piece of silk Ribband of the Value of One Penny with both her hands about the Neck of the said Male Child then and there feloniously wilfully and of her Malice aforethought did tye, twist fix, and fasten and him the said Male Child with the silk Ribband aforesaid so as aforesaid tied twisted, fixed, and fastened then and there feloniously wilfully, and of her Malice aforethought did Choak and Strangle; Of which said Choaking and Strangling the said Male Child then or there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Mary Lewis otherwise Greenwood him the said Male Bastard Child in manner and Form aforesaid feloniously wilfully and of her Malice aforethought did kill and murder against the Peace of our said Lord the King his Crown and Dignity,and that, at the time of doing and committing the Felony aforesaid, or at any time since she the said Mary had no Goods or Chattels Lands or Tenements within the said County or elsewhere to the Knowledge of the said Juras. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Thomas Haigh , Samuel Tansley , John Daimond , Humphrey Chadwin William Attwood , Thomas Robinson , Jonathan Waite  John Young , Thomas Cowley , John Barrate James Green , James Johnson , William Dawson , William Jacques, Thomas Wilkinson , John Whitmarsh , Richard Carter , and John Rowland , Gave to this Inquisition set their hands & Seals the Day and Year first above-written.

Anthy Gell  Coroner Thos. Haigh Foreman Saml. Tansley Jno: Diamond Hump. Chadwick Wm. Attwood Thos. Robinson Jonathan Waite

Jno. Young Thos. Cowley Jno. Barratt James Green Barnes Johnan William Dawson William Jaques Thos. Williamson

Jno. Whitmarsh Richard Corty John Rowland