City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .}to wit, 

 An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Samuel Church the St. Albans Coffee House in St. Albans Street , Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Second day of Septr. 1794 in the Thirty Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Robert Abrahams then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Robert Abrahams came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Robert Abrahams on the Thirtieth day of August in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in the Stable of his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales near Carlton House in Pall Mall being then and there cleaning one of the Houses of his said Royal Highness It so happened that accidentally, casually, and by Misfortune the said Horse did give unto the said Robert Abraham a Kick on the Belly of him the said Robert Abrahams , by Means where of he the said Robert Abrahams did receive a mortal wound in her Belly of which said Mortal wound he the said Robert Abrahams did languish and languishing did live unto the thirty first day of the same Month in the same year on which said thirty first day of August in the year aforesaid in the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, of the Mortal wound aforesaid, he the said Robert Abrahams , did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Robert Abrahams in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally, casually, and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise; And that the said Horse was the Cause of the Death of the said Robert Abrahams and is of the Value of One shilling the Property and in the Possession of his said Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, or his Assigns. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day, Year, and Place above written

Anthy. Gell Coroner } John Griffiths Forman Jno. Nimmo Robt. Hownam John Jeffs Gabriel Bower 

John Clarke Wm. Barrett Robert Lewis Robt. Sparling Thos Hill Elijah Whitaker

John Thompson George Patchett Nicholas Wiltshire Joseph- Stokes John Dobson