City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex } to Wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. Scott Sign of the White Lion in roury Lane Parish of saint Clement within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of middlesex , the fourteenth day of August 1794 in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Harriott Spearink an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when,how and by what Means the said Harriott Spearink came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Harriott Spearink on the twelfth day of August in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in Harfort Paace Drury Lane there being at Play near a washing Tub what contained Soap-Suds It so happened that accidentally casually & by Misfortune she the said Harriott Spearink fell across the said Washing-Tub and aim the Soap-Suds therein as aforesaid contained, was suffocated and drowned. of Which said Suffocation and Drawing she the said Harriott spearink then & there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that, the said Harriott Spearink in manner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to her Death, and not othewise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day, year and Peace first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Richd Forster Foreman Ralph Mills George Young Jhon Perry Thos. Batrich

Ed Maycock Thos. Redaway Thos. Shirt Davies John Hudson  William Clark Wm. Eaglesfieldd

Timothy Leary arnold Timmer Tho. Clark Henry Smith Christopher Wint