City & Liberty of Westmr. in the County of Middlesex To wit}  An Inquisition indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the KING at The Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex the Tenth Day of February in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, KING, Defender of the Faith, Etc, before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of Our said Lord the KING, for the said City & Liberty on View of the Body of Jasper Archer then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of William Mc. Cleich , Evan Powell , Edward Young , Richard Peele , John Smith , James Mc. Intosh , Richard Blunt , Henry List  Benjamin Bailey , John West , Evan Evans , James Jones , Richard Beedle William Green , George Bartram , and John Mills good and lawful Men of said Liberty duly chosen and law in required, and who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for Our said Lord the KING, when. how, and by what Means the said Jasper Archer came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Jasper Archer on the Eighth day of February in the Year aforesaid being upon the Foot Board of a certain Stage Coach drawn by two Horses in the Publick Highway leading from Knightsbridge to Kensington in the said Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and the said Jasper Archer being in Liquor, and sitting down on the said Foot Board It so happened that the Head of the said Jasper Archer Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune got between the Spring and the off Wheel of the said Coach, and by the motion of the said Wheel the Head of the said Jasper Archer was then and there mortally Bruised and Fractured, of which said mortal Bruise and Fracture, he the said Jasper Archer then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Jasper Archer Accidentally Causally and by Misfortune, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said William Mc. Cleich Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself, and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho Prickard Coroner .

Wm Mc Cleich Foreman