City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit. An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Ninth day of August in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman , Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Mc. Donald then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of William Chapman , James Mackanley , James Barkley Thomas Webb , Edmund Winter , Thomas Turbut , John Warns Thomas Brown , William Watson , Charles Moss , Joseph Jones Alexander Miller , Joseph Pittard and Burgess Trantor good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Mc. Donald came to his Death, do upon their Oath say That on the Fourth day of August in the year aforesaid the said John Mc. Donald was in a certain Boat or Wherry upon the River Thames near Westminster Bridge in the Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid and being then & there intoxicated with Liquor It so happened that the said John Mc. Donald Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell out of the said Boat into the said River Thames and in the Waters thereof was then and there suffocated and drowned of which said suffocation and drowning he the said John Mc. Donald then and there died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Mc. Donald in manner and by the means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise

In Witness whereof as well the said coroner as the said William Chapman  Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

Wm. Chapman  Foreman