City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Anne within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the county of Middlesex , the Nineteenth day of April in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mary Mc. Carnock an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Thomas Dobson , Elisha Lovejoy , William Hutchinson , John Lawton , Robert Kenison , Francis Lee , Benjamin Goodall , John Hand , John, Ives, Peter Millington , Robert Moor , John Docfoot , George Streeting Thomas Esterby and John Burges good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Mary Cc. Carnock came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Mary Mc. Carnock an Infant of the Age of four Years, on the Eighteenth day of April in the year aforesaid being alone and crossing a certain Street called Oxford Street in the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid, And that a Man was then carefully drawing a certain Hackney Coach in the said Street, It so happened that the said Mary Mc. Carnock the Infant Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell down near the Middle of the said Street and that the off fore wheel of the said Coach then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune passed over the left side of the Head of the said Mary Mc. Carnock by Means where of the said Mary Mc. Carnock Fracture in and upon the said left side of her Head, of which said mortal Fracture she the said Mary Mc. Carnock then and them instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Mary Mc. Carnock the Infant Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune in Manner and by the Means aforesaid came to her Death, and not otherwise. In Witness where of a well the said Coroner, as the said Thomas Dobson Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself an the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and seals the Day Year and Place of abovewritten

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

Thomas Dobson Foreman