City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. Boyd the Sign of the Bell Exeter Street  strand in the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the nineteenth day of January 1787 in the thirty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mrs. Grace Charter then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Grace Charter came to her Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Grace Charter not being of sound Mind Memory & Understanding but lunatic & distracted on the seven teenth day of January in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, one end of a certain piece of small Cord unto an Nail fixed at the top of the inner Room Door of the Apartment of her the said Grace Charter in the Dwelling House of Mr. weeks in Exeter Street aforesaid and the other end thereof about her own neck did fix tye & fasten & therewith did then and there hang suffocate and strangle herself of which said Hanging Suffocate and strangling she the said Grace Charter then & there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Grace Charter not being of sound Mind Memory & understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner & by the Means aforesaid did kill herself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Charles Suell Ephm. Goatly Jn G. Halentz Jn. Thompson Vincent 

Robt. Sawer Rd. Kelly Thos. Carts Mathew Butler Henry Roemer Chas Goodal Jas. Burrows