City and Liberty of Westminster In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of Thomas Murray the Sign of the Sun in little Suffolk Street  parish of Saint Martin in the Field within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the ninth day of July 1795 in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Parsons then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, Good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Parsons came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Parsons not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the eighth day of July in the Year aforesaid being in a certain Vessel or Ship on those Parts of the Seas commonly called or known by the Name of the Yarmouth. Road from and out of the said Vessel or Ship on the said eighth day of July did either fall or cast and thrown himself into the said Seas called or known by the name of the Yarmouth Roads by Means of which said Falling or Casting and Throwing he the said John Parsons in the said Seas was then and there suffocated and drowned Of which said Falling or Casting and Throwing he the said John Parsons then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Parsons not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the Means aforesaid came to his Death or did drown and kill himself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Frans. Shaitneltor John Smith John Morrison Wilm Chemine Thos. Grittons

Thos Whites Barmby Harper Willm Harrisson Thos. Williams John Gosden John Gowerns Thos. Mc. Cleland