City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. Mary Le Strand within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Sixteenth day of September in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the king for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Pritchard then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Thomas Gale , Thomas Stree , Anthony Young , Alexander Wilson , Robert Evans , William Darling . Daniel Wilshen , Samuel Roome  george Eastwood , Jacob Allen , Robert Blandston , John Gold , Geroge Clithers , Richard Gilham  Samuel Jones  Thomas Morgan , William Purse , John Roberts , William Warburton , William Mason and Wm. Smith , good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Pritchard came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, that the said John Pritchard not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatick and distracted on the Fifteenth day of September in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty and County aforesaid, a Certain Pistol charged with Gunpowder and a leaden Bullett, to and against the right side of the Head of him the said John Pritchard did then and there shoot off and discharge, by reason whereof the said John Pritchard did then and there give unto himself with the leaden Bullet aforesaid so discharged and shot out of the Pestol aforesaid by the force of the Gun Powder aforesaid one mortal Wound in and through the Head of him the said John Pritchard , of which said Mortal Wound he the said John Pritchard then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their oath aforesaid do say, that the said John Pritchard , not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding, but lunatick and distracted. in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, did kill himself. In witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Thomas Gale Foreman of the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner F. Gale Foreman