City of Liberty of Westminster in the County of middlesex .}  to wit.

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty ninth day of December in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the king for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Mc.Intosh then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Robert Partridge , James Morley , John Dick , Stephen Kinsey , Samuel Acworth , Robert Sinclare , Christopher Goulding , Stephen Boyce , Thomas Haynes , John Lucas , John Gresham , John Noble , Thomas Knott , Richard Butler , Charles Kinds  John Bailey & Humphry Tomkinson good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the king, when, how, and by what Means the said William Mc. Intosh came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said William Mc. Intosh not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatick and distracted, on the Twenty eighth day of December in the Year aforesaid at the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid, a certain Pistol charged with Gun powder and a leaden Bullet which he the said William Mc. Intosh then and there had and held in his Right Hand to and against the Head of him the said William Mc. Intosh did then and there shoot off and discharge, by Means whereof he the said William Mc. Intosh did then and there give unto himself with the leaden Bullet aforesaid, so discharged and shot out of the Pistol aforesaid by the force of the Gunpowder aforesaid one mortal wound and Fracture in and through the Head of him the said William Mc. Intosh, of which said mortal wound and Fracture he the said William Mc. Intosh, then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, That the said William Mc. Intosh not being of sound Mind memory and Understanding but lunatick and distracted in manner and by the Means aforesaid, did kill himself. In Witness where of as well the said Coroner, as the said Robert Partridge  Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

Robt. Partridge Foreman