City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty fourth day December in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Pettiford an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Jeremiah Church , William Booth John Mc. Ivoy, John Holland , John Oulson , William Price , Richard Carter , William Burt , William Whitworth , Walter James , Thomas Gree , and Charles Carey . good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Pettiford came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said John Pettiford an Infant of the Age of five Years on the fifteenth day of December in the Year aforesaid being in the Lodging Room of Mary Pettiford his Mother in the Dwelling House of Mr. Merrick in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty and County aforesaid, It so happened that the Linnen Cloathes which the said john Pettiford then had on his Body Accidentally took fire and that the Belly Stomach Neck and left Arm of him the said John Pettiford were then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune burnt by the Flames issuing from the Said Fire, of which said Burning he the said John Pettiford from the said fifteenth day of December in the Year aforesaid until the Twenty second day of the same Month at the Westminster Hospital in the said Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and live, and there of on the said Twenty second day of December at the Hospital aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Pettiford in Manner and by the Means aforesaid not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovewritten

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Jermh Church Foreman