City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church St. Peter Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Thirtieth day of October in the Eighteenth Year of the Regin of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Charles Taylor then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Thomas Morgan , John Surby , Abraham Hatchit , John Harriot , John Levitt , Robert Tomling , Solomon Gould , William Gravill , Jonathan Glover , John Kerby , William Vernon , Merry Wilson  Richd. Garrat good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Charles Taylor came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say , That the said Charles Taylor on the Twenty eighth day in October in the Evening in the Year aforesaid being Riding on Horseback in Kent Road in the Parish of St. George in the County of Surry, And that he was then met in the said Road by a certain Carriage drawn by two Horses, and being very dark, it so happened that the Horse on which the said Charles Taylor was Riding ran against the Pole of the said Carriage where by the said Charles Taylor was thrown off and from the said Horse, unto the Ground and by means thereof did then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune receive me mortal Bruise and Fracture in and upon the Ribs on his left side of which said mortal Bruise and Fracture he the said Charles Taylor at the said Parish of St. George in the said County of Surry and also at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square with in the Liberty and County aforesaid from the said Twenty eighth day of October in the Year aforesaid until the Twenty ninth day of the same Month did languish and languishing did live, On which said Twenty ninth day of October in the Year aforesaid at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square with in the Liberty and County aforesaid he the said Charles Taylor of the mortal Bruise and Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Charles Taylor in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Thomas Morgan Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Thos: Morgan Foreman