City of Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of Henry Vincent in Mill Bank  Parish of St. John  Sign of the Feathers within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Eighteenth day of June in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of a Man unknown then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Man unknown came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Man unknown on the Sixteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being in a certain Boat on the River Thomes, It so happened, that accidentally, casually, & by Misfortune he the said Man unknown fell out of the said Boat into the Fever Thomas, and in the water thereof was then and there suffocated; of and drowned which said Suffocation & Drawing the said Man unknown then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Man unknown, in manner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally, causally and by Misfortune came to his beath, and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have, to this Inquisition, set their hands and Seals, the Day Year, and Place first above written

Anthy Gell Coroner }

W Brown Foreman Gervis Carey

James Bass James Randell Henry Fry Spooner Russell John Vincent

John T Carper Wm. Thos. Jones Mr. Thomson James Bly

Solm. Chamber Jno. Gartson

The Mark of John Rose