Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit 

An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. Martin in the feilds within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster the 6th. day of June in the thirty third year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven hundred and sixty . Before John Feary Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid. Upon a View of the Body of Ann Burchell then and there lying Dead by the Oaths of James Ellison , Benjamin Brown  Solomon Moxie , Abel Maciar , James Flanakin , George Wilson  Richard Berry , George Yatman  Barnaby Nugent , Garret Smulkin , Charles Mc. Daniel Edward Martin , Thomas Harrington , Andrew Lord , and Lawrence Luin Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being sworn and Charged to Enquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when where and in what manner the said Ann Burchell came to her Death. Say upon their Oaths. That on Thursday the fifth day of this Instant June between the hours of Six and Seven in the Morning the said Ann Burchell being intoxicated with Liquor and walking to and fro swifty along and upon the Stone Copying on the Top of the House of Mr. Lycener scituate in Hedge Lane in the said Parish of Saint Martin in the feilds in the Liberty and County aforesaid it so happened that part of the said Stone Coping on which the said Ann Burchell then was gave way loosened and broke whereby the said Ann Burchell accidentally and unfortunately fell from off the top of the said House into the Streal and thereby was Mortally Bruised by Means of which said falling and bruising as aforesaid the said Ann Burchell then and there instantly Died. And so the said Jurors upon their Oaths aforesaid do say, That the said Ann Burchell in manner and form aforesaid came to her Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year and at the place abovesaid

Jno. Feary  Coroner

Jas. Ellisen Foreman