City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Sixteenth day of March in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Henry Snow then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of William Elsbee , Samuel Gould , John Lovey , John Clitherow , William Carr , Edward Partiter , John Sutton , James Bishop , Thomas Richardson , Richard Emery  James Frith John Sherwood and Nicholas Preston good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Henry Snow came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Henry Snow a Labourer on the Twelfth day of March in the Year aforesaid being at Work upon the dwelling House of Mr. Church at East Acton in the County aforesaid, and then and there standing upon a Scaffold on the outsider of the said House, it so happened that the said Scaffold gave way and that the said Henry Snow then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell down from the said Scaffold unto the Ground, and thereby did then and there receive divers mortal Bruises in his Body, of which said mortal Bruises he the said Henry Snow at St. Georges Hospital in the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid from the said twelfth day of March in the Year aforesaid until the said Sixteenth day of the same Month and Year did languish, and then and there of the mortal Bruises aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Henry Snow in manner and by the means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said William Elsbee Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Wm. Elsbee Foreman