City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Sarah Grant the Sign of the White Horse, Knightsbridge , Parish of St. Ges: Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the third day of September 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Bowles aged 15 years then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Bowles came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Bowles on the first day of September in the year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being cleaning the two pair of Stairs windows belonging to the Dwelling House of Captain Heath situate in Grosvenor place It so happened, that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said John Bowles then & there fell from the said windows to the Ground, by Means whereof he the said John Bowles then and there received a mortal Fracture on his sevll. of which said Mortal Fracture he the said John Bowles at St. George's Hospital on the same day, died. And so the Jurors aforesd. upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that, the said John Bowles in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually & by Misfortune came to his death and not otherwise

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } James Gadd Thomas Lowndes Charles Latham Thos James Henry B John Sohman Thos Dixon

Jas. Grant Isaac Wilkinson Henry Hayter George Linnell John Triess