City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Stephen Jones in King Street , Parish of St. Margt. Westmr . Sign of the Blue Bears Head within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty second of April 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Maria Wood an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder signed and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire of our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Maria Wood came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Maria Wood on the seventeenth day of April in the Year aforesaid at the Parish & in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in Gardiner Lane, at a certain House of there called or known by the Name of the Slap being with an Infant acts in a Room It so happened that accidentally casually & by Misfortune the Cloaths of her the said Man a Wood which she had on, took fie, by reason whereof and from the smoke and Flame arising from the said Fire she the said Maria Wood was then and there suffocated and burnt of which said suffocation and Burning she the said Maria Wood on the Eighteenth day of April in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Maria Wood in manner, & by the Means aforesaid accidentally Casually & by Misfortune came to her death and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Gums leave to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year & place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Thos Taylor Coroner John Taylor John Williamson Saml Daniel Samuel Peters

Jno Reading Jno. Griffin Thos Broadhead Wm Allen Wm Johnson John Hodgson

John Tyerman