City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit.   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Dwelling House of Mr. Atkinson in Orange Court  Leicester Fields house in by the Sign of the Light Horse of St. Martin in the Fieds Within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty Eighth day of February 1793 in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great- Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, Before Anthony Gell , Esq  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Anthony then and there lying, dead, upon the Oath of Joseph Greensille , Thos. Willis  William Hill , Thomas Elderkins , Thomas Green, Thomas Winsall , Edward Seale , Edward Baythorne , John Blake David Dore , William Thomas , William Cox , John Werwick , William Payne, Samuel Dillon , Joseph Smith , Matthew Burberow and and Stephen Lucas good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how and by what Means the said John Anthony came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Anthony not being of sound Mind Memory, and Understanding, not Lunatic and distracted on the twenty seventh day of February in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid one End of certain Pocket then kercheif unto the Parish Bar in a Room called the Hole in the Workhouse belonging to the said Parish and the other end there of about his own Neck did fix, tye and fasten and therewith did then and there hang, Suffocate & strangle himself, of which said Hanging, suffocation and Strangling he the said John Anthony then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said John Anthony not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the means aforesaid did kill himself

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day Year & Place first above written

Anthony Gell Coroner Joseph Gunmill Thos. Wallis Wm. Hill Tho. Elderkin Green

Thomas Winnall Edward Seale Edwd. Butcher J Blake D Dore W. Thomas

William Cox John We Wm. Payne J. Dillen Jos. Smith

Matt. Burburow Step Lucas