City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of William Carpensal the Sign of the Coach & Horses  Mount Street  parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twelfth day of June 1797 in the thirty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of an Infant Male Child then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Male Child Son came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that on Friday Evening last the day of June in the year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in a certain Barge then & there being on a branch of the River Thames commonly called. Pimlico Creek . It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said Child fell from the said Barge into the said River and in the Waters thereof was then and there suffocated and drowned; of which said Suffocation and Drowning he the said Male Child then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their oath aforesaid do say that the said Male Child in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his death and not otherwise.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } John Clarke James Smith John Ladly William Carponent John Watts

Lewis Jeanneret Wright Hart John Nicholas  Will. Gadden Meyer Rothenburg emburg

Richd Wardle