City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit. 

An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Thirty first day of October in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth, before Thomas Prickard  Gentleman , Coroner of Our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mary Wilson then and them lying Dead, upon the Oath of James Falconer , William Ablett , Thomas Knight , Thomas Bright , James Smith , Joseph Winter , Jenkin Jenkins , Samuel Greenfield , William Casleat , James Weare , Hugh Riddell , John Grant , John Edmonds , James Ridley  Jonathan Clarges , William Bamfield , Christopher Ellison and Joseph Poynton , good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said, Mary Wilson came to her Death, do upon their Oath say, That on the Thirtieth day of October, about one of the Clock in the Morning, in the Year aforesaid, the said Mary Wilson being in the dwelling House of James Kelly Chairman situate in little St. Martin Street in the Parish of aforesaid, within the Liberty and County. aforesaid, and that the said Mary Wilson being then and there going into the Cellar in the said House, where the said Mary Wilson usually lodged, It so happened that the said Mary Wilson then and there Accidentally Casually and by misfortune fell down the Cellar Stairs into the said Cellar, by Means of which said fall she the said Mary Wilson did then and there receive a Mortal Concussion in and upon the Brain of her the said, Mary Wilson , of which said Mortal Concussion she the said Mary Wilson then and there Died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Mary Wilson in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to her Death. and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said James Falconer Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner . James Falconer Foreman