Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit  An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. John the Evangelist in the City of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster the First day of March in the Second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth and in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty two Before Thomas Prickard Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, Upon a View of the Body of Owen Lewis then and there lying dead by the Oaths of Joseph Carr , Joseph Eburne , Barnes Mumford , John Nash , John Tomlinson , John Lane , Richard Bromley , Robert Morriss , Jonathan Theobald , Thomas Lambert , Henry Harrison , James Baggott , Emanuel Lloyd , Thomas Taylor  Silas Paine , James Jeenes , Daniel Ward , and Aaron Peever , good and lawful Men of the Parish of St. John the Evangelist in the said City and Liberty, who being Sworn and Charged to inquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when where and in what manner the said Owen Lewis came to his Death, Say upon their Oaths, That the said Owen Lewis on Saturday the twenty seventh day of February in the Year aforesaid in the Parish of St. John the Evangelist within the City and Liberty aforesaid driving a certain Cart Loaden with Wood drawn by three Horses in College Street within the Parish aforesaid, It so happened that the said Owen Lewis Accidentally Casually and by misfortune fell to the Ground near unto the Near Wheel of the said Cart, by reason whereof the said Near Wheel of the said Cart did then and there go upon and pass over the back part of the Head of him the said Owen Lewis by means whereof he the said Owen Lewis did then and there accidentally casually and by misfortune receive one mortal Bruise on his said Head, of which Mortal Bruise he the said Owen Lewis then and there instantly died, and so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do Say, that the said Owen Lewis in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. And that the said Near Wheel of the said Cart so drawn as aforesaid was moving to the Death of the said Owen Lewis and is of the Value of five Shillings, and is the Property of William French and in the Possession William French of the Parish of St. John the Evangelist aforesaid Woodmonger or his Assigns. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the foreman of the Jurors aforesaid, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and at the Place abovementioned.

The Mark of Joseph Eburne . Barnes Mumford Jno. Nash Jno. Thomlinson John Lane Rd. Bromley Robt. Morris J. Theobald Thos. Lambert Henry Harrison James Baggott Emanuel Lloyd Thos Taylor Silas Payne James Jeenes The Mark of Daniel Ward Aaron Peever

Tho Prickard . Coronor.

Joseph Carr . foreman