City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex to wit.}  An Inquisition indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of Joseph Mabley known by the Sign of the Bell in New Tothill Street in the Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex the fourth day of December 1794 in the thirty fifth year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Haith and so forth, before Anthony Gell Esqr. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Marsh then and there lying dead upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how and by what Means the said John Marsh came to his Death do upon their Oath say, that Thomas Walter , late of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty and County aforesaid, a Private or Serjeant in the County Regiment under Colonel Troughton and having the fear of God before his Eyes but moved and seduced by the Instigation of the Devil, on the second day of December, in the Year aforesaid, with force and Arms at the Parish of St. Margaret aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid in and upon the said John Marsh in the Peace of God and of our said Lord the King then and there being, feloniously, wilfully and of his Malice fore thought did make an Assault. And that the said Thomas Walter with a certain Instrument commonly called a Sword or Cut Cass made of Iron and Steel, of the Value of five Shillings, which he the said Thomas Walter then and there had and held in his right hand, him the said John Marsh in and in and upon the left Side of the Body of him the said John Marsh under the Small Ribs them and there did Strike Stab, and penetrate. And that the said Thomas Walter did then and there give unto him the said John Marsh in any upon the left Side of the Body of him, the said Marsh under the Small Ribs aforesaid, with the Instrument aforesaid one Mortal Wound, he the depth of four Inches and of the Width of one Inch; Afurther said Mortal Wound, he the said John Marsh on the said second day of December in the Year aforesaid then and there shortly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Thomas Walter , him the said John Marsh , in manner and by the Means aforesaid feloniously wilfully, and of his Malice fore thought did kill and murder, against the Peace of our said Lord the King his Crown and Dignity. And that the said Thomas Walter at the time of the committing of the Felony and Murder aforesaid or at any time since, had no Goods or Chattels, Lands or Tenements within the said Liberty or elsewhere to the Knowledge or Notice of the said Jurors, In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner a the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the day, year, and Place first above mentioned.

Anthy Gell , Coroner Robt Askey  Foreman Jno Whitmarsh

Jno Cartwright John Crammer

John Hendrie Edwd Gooch Wm Cartwright Richard Nonwelier Th. Mark of John Stubbs William Lawrence John Lane John Griffith

John Moseley Thos Whitwell