City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Sixteenth day of November in the twenty second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Henry Maggs then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Stephen Gibson , William Carslake , George Stoddard , Edward Taylor , Richard Sweet , Nicholas Smith , Henry Slack , James Solomon , John Child , John Davis , Thomas Wotton , Frederick Seaton , and Luke Hogard good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Henry Maggs came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Henry Maggs a Carpenter on the fifteenth day of November in the Year aforesaid being at, Work at Somerset House in the Parish of St. Mary Le Strand in the County aforesaid, and then and there standing upon a piece of Wooden Quarter on the Outside of the said Building, at the height of One Story, It so happened that the said Henry Maggs then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell off and form the said Quarter into the Area of the said Building, whereby the said Henry Maggs did then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune receive Mortal Bruises in and upon his Body, of which he languished on the said fifteenth day of November in the Year aforesaid at the said Parish of St. Mary- Le Strand and also at the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and at the Parish last mentioned, on the same day, of the Mortal Bruises aforesaid, he the said Henry Maggs did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Henry Maggs in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Stephen Gibson Foreman of the said Jurors on the on behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands, and Seals the Day Year and Place abovewritten

Thos. Prickard Coroner .

S. Gibson Foreman