Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit 

An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster , the Twenty first day of May in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the second by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand seven hundred and sixty Before John Feary Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, Upon a Veiw of the Body of William Robinson then and there lying Dead by the Oaths of William Barlow , Alexander Scollor Thomas Sockwell , Thomas French , Joseph Kettle , Peter Thomas , Edward Hewet , John Bunting , Henry Russell  William Dickens James Fisher , William Cobbell , William Kirby , James Watkins , Charles Smith , John Sharewood , and John Boyce Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Inquire for our Sovereign Lord the King, how when where did in what manner the said William Robinson came to his Death, Say upon their Oaths. That William Roberts late of the Parish of St. James in the Liberty and County aforesaid Laborer on the Seventh day of May in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our said Sovereign Lord George the second King of Great Britain and do forth with force and Arms at a certain place called Hounslow Heath in the County aforesaid in and upon the said William Robinson in the Peace of God and our said Lord the King then and there being Feloniously did make an Assault, and that the said William Roberts with a certain Weapon or Hanger made of Iron and Steel of the Value of Five Shillings which he the said William Roberts in his right hand then and there had and held in and upon the wrist of the right hand of the said William Robinson then and there Feloniously did strike giving to the said William Robinson then and there with the hanger aforesaid in and upon the Wrist of the right hand of him the said William of which said Mortal Wound the said William Robinson from the aforesaid Seventh day of May in the Year aforesaid untill the Eighteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty aforesaid in the County aforesaid did Languish and Languishing did Live on which said Eighteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid at the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty aforesaid in the County aforesaid the said William Robinson of the Mortal Wound aforesaid Died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oaths aforesaid do say. That the said William Roberts the said William Robinson in manner and form aforesaid Feloniously did Hill and Slay against the Peace of our said Lord the King his Crown and Dignity what goods and Chattels Lands and Tenements the aforesaid William Roberts had at the time of the Felony Committed or at any time since the said Jurors know not. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Jurors aforesaid have to this Inquisition put their hands and Seals the day Year and at the Place abovesaid

Wm Barlow Foreman Alex Scholar Tho. Sockwell Edwd. Hewitt Willm Cobbett

William Dickins

James Fisher Chas Smith John Shearwood

John Boyce

Jno. Feary  Coroner