Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to Wit.  An Inquisition Indented and Taken at the Parish of St. Clement Danes in the County of Middlesex within the Liberty of the Peace and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster the Sixteenth day of March in the Second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth before Thomas Prickard Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, Upon a View of the Body of Thomas Davies then and there lying Dead, by the Oath of Robert Gorell , William Newbury Thomas Sullens , William Vaughan  Thomas Brown , John Ravencroft , Edward Leighton  James Cornwall , Thomas Aston , Peter Hurleston , Joseph Hardy , William Leopard , James Lacey , John Orgrum and Robert Harpgood and lawfull Men of the sd ar of St. Clement Danes in the said City and Liberty, who being duly Sworn and charged to Inquire for our said Lord the King, how, when, where and in what manner, the said Thomas Davies came to his Death Say upon their Oaths, That the said Thomas Davies on the Second day of March in the Year aforesaid in ascending the Stairs belonging to a certain Building leading to the Chambers of him the said Thomas Davies situate in the Parish of St. Clement Danes in the Liberty aforesaid then and there Casually Accidentally and by Misfortune fell down the Stairs on the first Story of the same Building, and thereby received divers Mortal Bruises in his Body, of which he languished until the Eleventh day of March in the Year aforesaid, and then Dyed of the same Bruises at the Parish aforesaid, in the Liberty aforesaid. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Robert Gorell Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Robt. Gorell Foreman