City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit. 

An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Seventh day of November in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth, before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Jones then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of John Griffith , John Brown , John Abbott , John Surby , Thomas Butterfield , James Dallemore , Thomas Reading , Thomas Wilson , Richard Keene , Edward Galley John Watson , John Owen , John Hooke , William Bond , William Styles  Francis Cann and William Davies , good and lawful Men of the said Liberty duly chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire for our said Lord the King, when, how and by what means the said Thomas Jones came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That on the fifth day of November in the Year aforesaid, the said Thomas Jones having drank a great Quantity of Spirituous and other Liquors at different Places in the Parish of St. James within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and being Intoxicated there with the said Thomas Jones in endeavouring to Walk house did fall several times unto the Ground, in the said Parish of St. James , and also in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square aforesaid, And that the said Thomas Jones in the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, with the Quantity of Liquor which he the said Thomas Jones did Drink as aforesaid, was Suffocated and Choaked, of which said Suffocation and Choaking he the said Thomas Jones then and there Died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Thomas Jones in manner and by the Means aforesaid Came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said John Griffith Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Jno. Griffith Foreman