City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter , Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Ninth day of August in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of James Eardly then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Cockburn . Edward Sherliker , James Roberts Benjamin Seymour . Thomas Griffiths . Joseph Ferreby  William Crump  James Hill . George Darlington , James Norton Oliver Cowdy . Benjamin Sime . Mark Dinn . Robert Thomson and Hugh Wathings good and Lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly Chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said James Eardly came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said James Eardly an Infant of the Age of four Years on the Eighth day of August in the Year aforesaid, being at the Window in the Lodging Room or Apartment of James Eardly his Father situate in Swallow Street in the Parish aforesaid, within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and learning upon a piece of Wood, fastened across the said Window. It so happened. that the said piece of Wood broke and that the said James Eardly. the Infant then and there Accidentally Casually and by misfortune fell out of and through the said Window being two Stores high upon the Stone Pavement in the said Street, by Means whereof he the said James Eardly did then and there receive one mortal Fracture in and upon the left side of his Head, of which said Mortal Fracture he the said James Eardly the Infant then and there did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid , upon their Oath aforesaid Do say, that the said James Eardly the Infant, in manner and by the means aforesaid Accidentally Casually, and by misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said John Cockburn Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the Rat of his fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day, Year, and Place above written

Tho, Prickard Coroner

John Cockburn Foreman