City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  In Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. Lewis Sign of the Green Dragon in Swallow Street , Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fifteenth day of May 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty on, View of the Body of George Nash then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said George Nash came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said George Nash on the seventh day of May in the Year aforesaid did at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being at Work at his Uncle's house in Hanover Street It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said George Nash ran against the Handle of a Machine which is used for the flatting of Gold Work and then and there by the handle aforesaid received one Mortal Wound on the right side of his Belly: Of which said Mortal Wound he the said George Nash did languish and languishing did live untill the ninth day of May in the Year aforesaid: On which said ninth day of May of the Wound aforesaid, so received as aforesaid, he the said George Nash did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say the the said George Nash in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally, Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year & place above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Rich Laws Foreman W Errey Robt. Nash G. Thorne Henry Nichols James Johnson

James Fordham Edwd. Stevens George Stevens Richd. Atmitage Paul Allardice Thos. Cockayne

Alexr. Monro Wm. Booth Pal. Wigmor