City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Workhouse belonging to the Parish of St. Anne Soho in Rose Street within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty seventh day of Decr. 1795 in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Jeremiah Coghlan then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Jeremiah Coghlan came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Jeremiah Coghlan on the twenty sixth day of December in the Year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid to wit in Crown Street as he was then and there passing by. It so happened this accidentally, causally and by Misfortune he the said Jeremiah Coghlan fell through the Flap Door into the Collar of the Dwelling House belonging to Christopher Morrall schuall in Crown street aforesaid By means whereof he the said Jeremiah Coghlan then and there acceived a violent Concession which came the Nature of Blood Vessell: said Rupture of the said Blood Vessell he the said Jeremiah Coghlan then and there instantly died. And solbe Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Jeramiah Coghlan in manner and by the means aforesaid Accidentally, Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the day Year and Place first above written

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Andw. Meyer Foreman J. Beicher Hy. Flint Adam Macklaran Richd. Fletcher

Wm, Bramwell John Mihell Xtian Riedel Chris. Merritt Peter Graupner

John Hanet Richd. Cooke David Martin