City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex . } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Seventeenth day of October in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Bridget Plunket then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Lambe , James Patterson , William Clay , James Bishop , John Matthews , Thomas Purver , Joseph Custers , Peter Fradsom , Richard Edwards , Ezekiel Miller , Allen Burton and Richard Burton good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Bridget Plunket came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say, That Thomas Plunket late of the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields in the County aforesaid Laborer, late Husband of the said Bridget Plunket on the Ninth day of October in the Year aforesaid, with force and Arms at the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields aforesaid in the County aforesaid, in and upon the said Bridget Plunket in the Peace of God and of our said Lord the King then and there being feloniously did make an Assault And that the said Thomas Plunket with both his Hands her the said Bridget Plunket then and there feloniously did cast through and Press to and against a certain Wooden Chest in the Lodging Room of the said Thomas Plunket , thereby then and there giving unto her the said Bridget Plunket one mortal Fracture on one of the Ribs, and one mortal wound in and upon the Lungs, on the left side of the said Bridget Plunket, of which said mortal Fracture and wound she the said Bridget Plunket from the said Ninth day of October in the Year aforesaid until the fourteenth day of the same Month and Year at the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields aforesaid in the County aforesaid, and also at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said fourteenth day of October aforesaid at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid she the said Bridget Plunket of the Mortal Fracture and wound aforesaid did die And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Thomas Plunket her the said Bridget Plunket in manner and by the means aforesaid feloniously did kill and slay against the Peace of our said Lord the King his Crown and Dignity, And that he the said Thomas Plunket at the time of committing the Felony and Manslaughter aforesaid, or at anytime even since, had no Goods or chattels Lands or Tenements within the said Liberty to the knowledge of the said Jurors. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said John Lambe Foreman of the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day year and Place first above written.

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

Jno. Lambe Foreman