City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Thirtieth day of December in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Charles Clapp then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Thomas Gosheron , Abraham Belcher , Richard Rogers , James Barrett , William Baldwin , Joseph Niblow , John Gladish , James Wells , James Miller , George Taylor , John Powell and Andrew Mc. Farland good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Charles Clapp came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That on the Twenty seventh day of December in the year aforesaid, John Messenger was driving a certain Cart loader with coals and drawn by two Horses in the Public Road in Kings Highway in the Parish of St. Mary Lambeth in the County of Surry, and that Charles Clapp was likewise driving an empty Cart in the said Publick Highway drown by Three Horses, and wipping his Horses in order to get before the said John Messenger , and being on the offside of his Horses It so happened, That the said Charles Clapp got between the Wheels of the said Carts, then moving along the said Highway, and then and these Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune did receive a middle wound in and upon the left side of his Head, of which said mortal Wound he the said Charles Clapp on the said Twenty seventh day of December in the year aforesaid at the said Parish of St. Mary Lambeth in the County aforesaid, and also at the said Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and live on which said Twenty seventh day of December in the year aforesaid at the said Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid, he the said Charles Clapp of the mortal Wound aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say. that the said Charles Clapp in manner and by the means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Thomas Gosheron Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day year and place abovementioned

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Thos. Gosheron Foreman