City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex . } to wit 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church St. Peter , Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the First day of July in the twenty first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Badham then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Thomas Forrester . John Sleap . WIlliam Bigbie John Gibson , Henry Teaush , Edward Shea , William Soloman. David Nicholson , Edward Mears . John Frazer , James Barclay and William Russell good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Badham came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said John Badham on the twenty seventh Day of June in the Year aforesaid being upon certain peices of Timber floating on the River Thames . It so happened that the said John Badham accidentally casually and by Misfortune fell off and from the said Timber into the said River Thames and in the Waters thereof was then and there suffocated and drowned, of which said Suffocation and drowning he the said John Badham then and there dyed. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say. That the said John Badham in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner. as the said Thomas Forrester  Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the Rest of his Fellows in their Presence, have to this Inquisition their Hands and Seals the Day, year and Place above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner Thos,, Forrester Foreman