City of Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Seventeenth day of September in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Hornsby then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Samuel Harrison  William Jones , Solomon Amaron  Thomas Hill John Richardson  James Lynden  Thomas Chapman , Mark Gibbs  Joseph Baker  John Rickerby , Harry Sidebotham , Joseph Dearing and Robert Wood good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Hornsby came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said John Hornsby on the Eleventh day of September in the Year aforesaid being Fighting with Thomas Price a Laborer in a certain Place called Headon Square in the Parish of St. Trinity in the Minories within the Liberty of the Tower Hamlets London, And that it so happened that the said John Hornsby then and there Casually and by Misfortune fell upon the Stone Pavement By Means whereof the said John Hornsby Casually and by Misfortune and against the Will of him the said Thomas Price did then and there receive divers Bruises in and upon his Head and Body, of which said Mortal Bruises he the said John Horns by form the said Eleventh day of September in the Year aforesaid until the Fifteenth day of the same Month and Year at the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said fifteenth day of Septemebr he the said John Hornsby at the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid of the Mortal Bruises aforesaid, did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Hornsby in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Casually and by Misfortune and against the Will of him the said Thomas Price came to his death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Samuel Harrison Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coronor

Samuel Harison Foreman