City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex . to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Second day of October in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Elenor Stanfeld then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Joseph Ashmore , Thomas Jones , Richard Herring , John Jersey , Mathew Dyer , John Dickinson , James Wear , Duncan Mr. Intosh , William Denny  Robert Minns , John Davis and Christopher Beer good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Elenor Stanfeld came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say,That the said Elenor Stanfeld on the Twenty third day od September in the Year aforesaid, in the Evening, being walking in Hedge Lane in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and being in Liquor, It so happened that the said Elenor Stanfeld then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell down upon the Stone Pavement, and thereby then and there received one Wound in and upon the left side of her Head, and a Fracture of the left Arm, of which said mortal Wound and Fracture she the said Elenor Stanfeld from the said Twenty third day of September in the Year aforesaid until the Second day of October in the same Year at the Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live on which said Second day of October aforesaid at the said Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid she the said Elenor Stanfeld of the mortal Wound and Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Elenor Stanfeld in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidently Casually and by Misfortune came to her death, and not otherwise. In Witness where of as well the said Coroner, as the said Joseph Ashmore Foreman of the said Jurors, on behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Jos: Ashmore Foreman