City and Liberty of Westmr. in the County of Middlesex } to Wit.  An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Twentieth day of February in the fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth, before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty on View of the Body of John Bannester an Infant then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of Joseph Dawson , James Gill , William Buxton , John Hall , John Cockra Thomas Douglas , John Williams , David Smart , John Free , Samuel Woolley , John Shenley , Thomas Horn , James Peters and Thomas Ferrens good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chosen who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire for our said Lord the King when how and by what Means the said John Bannester came to his Death doup their Oath say, That the said John Bannester on the Eighteenth day of February in the Year aforesaid being in a New built House situate in Wimpole Street , in the Parish of St. Mary le bon in the County of Middlesex , and the said John Bannester then and there coming down the Stairs in the said House, which were unfinished and without any Banisters, It so happened that the said John Bannester then and there Accidentally Casually and Misfortune fell off and from the said Stairs, being two Stories high, upon and against a Carpenter's Working Bench standing on the Ground Floor in the said House, by Means whereof he the said John Bannester did then and there by the fall aforesaid receive one Mortal Bruise on the rightside of the Head of him the said John Bannester, of which said Mortal Bruise he the said John Bannester from the said Eighteenth day of February in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish of St. James within the Liberty of Westmr. in the said County of Middlesex , until the Nineteenth day of the same Month in the same Year, did languish and languishing did live, on which said Nineteenth day of February in the Year aforesaid, at the said Parish of St. James within the Liberty and County aforesaid, he the said John Bannester of the Mortal Bruise aforesaid did Dye. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said John Bannester in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Joseph Dawson Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Joseph Dawson foreman