City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Peter Boyd the Sign of the Coach & Horses  Marlborough Street  parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the seventh day of July 1797 in the thirty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Dickson then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Dickson came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Thomas Dickson carman on the sixth day of July in the year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid in Saint Albans Street being driving a certain Cart drawn by three Horses & the said Thomas Dickson then and there being riding upon the foremost Horse It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said Thomas Dickson fell from off the said Horse unto the Ground by means whereof the Off Wheel of the said Cart did go upon & pass over the Body of the said Thomas Dickson By means whereof he the said Thomas Dickson did then and there receive one Mortal Bruise in & upon his Body of which said Mortal Bruise he the said Thomas Dickson then & there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Thomas Dickson in manner & by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his death & not otherwise and that the said wheel was moving to the death of the said Thomas Dickson & is of the Value of one Shilling & the property & in the possession of Mrs. Mrs. Mary Priestley of the parish of St Saviour Southwark in the County of Surrey said woman or, of her Assigns IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Wm. Stone Thomas Doling Thos. Peers Elibt Nicholas

Edw Simpter John Craceford Robt Clarke Philip Peckham John Thompson Edw. Jaffey

Jn. Humby Jno Nimmo