City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of Collegiate Church of St. Peter , Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty third day of May in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman , Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Richard Waklin then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of William Dickins , Thomas Barnard , John Phillips Alexander Black , Henry Kent , John Ballard , Thomas Shankster , John Hirmatage , Edward Walker , William Budge , James Berkley , Thomas Knibbs & John Harris , good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Richard Waklin came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Richard Waklin Labouring under a grevious Disease of Body to wit a Fever and by the Violence of the said Disease being Delicious & out of his mind on the eighteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid with a certain Knife made of Iron & Steel which he the said Richard Waklin then & there had and held in his right hand the Throat or Gullet of him the said Richard Walkin did then and there strike Stab and penitrate thereby then and there giving unto himself the said Richard Walkin so being Delirious & out of his Mind as aforesaid with the Knife aforesd. in and upon the Throat or Gullet of him the said Richard Waklin one mortal Wound of the length of three Inches and of the Depth of one Inch of which said Mortal Wound he the said Richard Walkin from the said Eighteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid until the 22d day of the same Month at the Parish & in the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish & live on which said 22d. day of May in the Year aforesaid he the said Richard Waklin of the Mortal Wound aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty and County aforesaid did die And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Richard Waklin by reason of his Disease aforesaid being delicious & out of his mind in manner and by the means aforesaid did kill himself. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Wm. Dickins Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their head & seals the day Year & Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Wm. Dickens Foreman