City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. Bryan Sign of the Swan in Upper Mount Street  Parish of St. George's Hanover Square  within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the this tenth day of July 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of George Pringle then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said George Pringle came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said George Pringle on the twelfth day of July in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, to wit into the Serpentine River in Hyde Park , there going to bathe himself. It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune be the said George Pringle was in the Waters of the said River then and there suffocated and drowned of which said suffocation and drowning he the said George Pringle then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their oath aforesaid, do say, that the said George Pringle in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally. casually and by Misfortune came to his death and not otherwise In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, came to this Inquisition at their hands and Seals the day year and place first above written

Anthy Gell  Coroner } James Jones  Foreman Thos Matthews

John Ladley Danl. Carnley Jno Cave

John Warcham George Cadby  Randal Cadmary

Saml. Shyth John Marshall  Joseph Marton Edwd. Rowlings Chas. Etkins