City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex . } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty third day of November in the thirty second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman , Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Sophia Mc. Gregor an Infant then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of Thomas Mason , William Porter , John Barrell , Peter Rickeart Charles Williams , Samuel Sealy , Aaron Alsept , William Mawland Samuel Broomfield , Miles Walker , Henry Tainsh , Edward Walker , Benjamin Hayland and William Spittale good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Sophia Mc. Gregor came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Sophia Mc. Gregor an Infant of the Age of four Year on the Twenty second day of November in the Year aforesaid was found drowned and suffocated in a certain common Sewer in Tothill Fields in the said Parish of St. John the Evangelist , within the Liberty and County aforesaid that no Marks of Violence appeared on the Body and that the said Sophia Mr. Gregor was then and there Accidentally Casually and Minsfortune drowned and suffocated And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Sophia Mc. Gregor in manner and by the means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune come to her Death and not otherwise

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Thomas Mason Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their Presence have to this Inquisitions set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned

Tho. Prickard Coror.

Thos. Mason Foreman