City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at The Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Frist day of July in the twenty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Richard Gibbs then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of James Nelson , Jeremiah Carraway , John Watson Francis Johnston , William Conyers , Alexander Anderson , John Lee John Kendrie , John Emerson , John Hood , William Warren and Joseph Berry good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Richard Gibbs came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say That the said Richard Gibbs on the Thirtieth day of June in the Year aforesaid was driving a certain Waggon loaded with Hay, in the Kings high way leading to Edgware, in the Parish of St. Mary le bone , in the said County of Middlesex , and riding upon the shaft of the said Waggon, It so happened that the said Richard Gibbs Accidentally, Casually and by Misfortune fell off and from the shaft of the said Waggon, unto and upon the Ground in the said high way, and that the near Wheel of the said Waggon, went against and upon the Body of the said Richard Gibbs , by means whereof the said Richard Gibbs then and there received mortal Bruises, in and upon his Body, of which said mortal Bruises; he the said Richard Gibbs , on the said Thirtieth day of June in the Year aforesaid, at the said Parish of St. Mary le bone , and also at the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and live, and in the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square on the same Day of the mortal Bruises aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said Richard Gibbs in manner and by the means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said James Nelson Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

James Nelson Foreman