City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign, Lord King, at the Parish of Saint Anne within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Seventeenth day of January in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Jane Penton then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Richard Nowlson , William Milburn , George Barber , Francis Preston , John Innscent, John Dovey , John James Bonett , Charles Gray , William Humfrey  John Watts , John Skene , Thomas Hinton & James Debatt Good and lawful Men of the said Liberty. duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Jane Panton came to her Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Jane Penton on the Third day of January in the Year aforesaid being on foot and crossing from Covent- Garden into Russell Street in the Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and that a Man was then and there driving an Empty Carriage Drawn by two Horses, and the said Jane Penton being old and infirm fell down near unto the said Carriage, and that the Wheel of the said Carriage accidentally Causally and by Misfortune passed over the Body of the said Jane Penton , whereby the said Jane Penton then and there received Bruises in and upon her Body, of which said Bruises she the said Jane Penton from the said Third Day of January in the Year aforesaid until the Fifteenth day of the same month at the said Parish of St. Anne within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live on which said Fifteenth day of January aforesaid at the said Parish of St. Anne she the said Jane Penton of the Bruises aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, That the said Jane Penton in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Causally and by Misfortune came to her death and not otherwise. An Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the Said Richard Nowlson Foreman of the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

Ricd. Nowlson Foreman