No. 1. Mrs. Deal City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Workhouse of the Parish of St. Clement Danes situate in Portugal Street within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty seventh day of June 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mrs. Deal then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Mrs. Deal came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Mrs. Deal being in a certain old dilapi- dale House situate in Houghton street in the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid It so happened that about half past eight O'Clock in the Morning of the twenty fifth day of June in the Year aforesaid the said old situated House accidentally casually and by Misfortune sunk and fell in by means whereof the said Mrs Deal Smith other Persons then being in the said House / were then and there under the Ruins and Material thereof smothered suffocated and Killed; If which said Suffocation Smothering and Drinking She the said Mrs Deal then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Mrs. Dean in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually & by Misfortune came other death and not otherwise

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year and Place first above written.

Anthy Gells Coroner } Richd, George

Tho Mu William Luck D. Watson John Wilton Wm Griffith

John Duck Thos. Green P Hardy William Gilsea Even Greffiths John Robinson Paul Hoddy

Jno. Elsworth John Duck Jams Ed Jabez Lawson Hugh Munro