City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit 

An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. John the Evangelist in the City of Westmr. within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty- -Seventh day of May in the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, On View of the Body of Elizabeth Gray then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Robert Watson , Thomas Brookes , Peter Jackson , James Wild , Charles Carey , Samuel Naughan , Abraham Longstaff , John Crisp , George Field , Thomas Stanley John Vallor and Robert Mason good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chosen who being then and there duly Sworn and Charged to inquire for our said Lord the King, when how, and by what Means the said Elizabeth Gray came to her Death do upon their Oath say, That John Nightingale a Coachman on the sixteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid between the hours of one and two in the Morning, being driving a certain Hackney Coach (Numbered 371.) drawn by two Horses in the Parish of St. Luke in the County aforesaid and the said Elizabeth Gray being then in the said Coach, It so happened that the said Coach Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune overtunred off and from a Bank by the side of Old Street Road , into the said Road, situate in the said Parish of St. Luke and County aforesaid by Means whereof the said Elizabeth Gray did then and there receive one mortal Fracture in and upon the lower part of her Right Arm, of which said Mortal Fracture she the said Elizabeth Gray from the said Sixteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid until the Twenty fourth day of the same Month and Year at the Parish of St. Luke aforesaid and also at the said Parish of St. John the Evangelist with in the City Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live on which said Twenty fourth day of May in the Year aforesaid at the said Parish of St. John the Evangelist she the said Elizabeth Gray of the mortal Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Elizabeth Gray Accidentally Casualty and by Misfortune in Manner and by the Means aforesaid came to her Death, and not otherwise, And that the said Hackney Coach was moving to the Death of the said Elizabeth Gray , and is of the Value of five Shillings, and the Property and in the Possession of Francis Cooper of the Parish of St. Ann within the said Liberty of Westminster Coachmaster or of his Assigns. In Witness where of as well the said Coroner as the said Robert Watson Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Robt. Watson Foreman