City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of William Carpmeal at the Sign of the Coach & Horses in Mount Street  Parish of St. George Hanr. Sqr within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the eighteenth day of February 1799 in the thirty Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of James Brown then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said James Brown came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said James Brown not being of Sound Mind Memory & Understanding but lunatic & distracted on or about the third day of January in the Year aforesaid at the Parish & in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit into a certain Mill of Water in Hyde Park called the Bason there did cast & throw himself by means of which said Casting & throwing he the said James Brown in the said Water was then & there suffocated & drowned: of which said Castting & Throwing he the said James Brown there & that instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said James Brown not being of Sound Mind Memory & understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner & by ye Means aforesd. did kill himself.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } John Dearrisha The Mark of Clifford Richardson W Welder Daniel Nash Joseph Thomas

Isaac Baker William King Richd Slack John Miland Rusl Pack John Bedford

Wright Hart Benj. Ashmead George Mess Wm.Tw