City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex . } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at The Parish of Saint Ann within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the the fourth day of October in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Frederick Cornman then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Benedict Blume , Samuel Oram , Joseph Davies , Edward Smith , John Somervelle John Dunlop , Edward Roberts  Anthony Dupens , Samuel Valdons , Eliezer Watson , Lewis Buscarlet , James Shepherd , Thomas Ellis , Robert Hunter Andrew Stratom , Samuel Strong , James Combe & John Strong good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Frederick Cornman came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the Men to the Jurors aforesaid unknown late of the Parish of Fulham in the County aforesaid not having the Fear of God before their Eyes but moved and seduced by the Inquisition of the Devil on the Eighteenth day of January in the Year aforesaid with Force and Army at the said Parish of Fulham in the County aforesaid in and upon the said Frederick Cornman in the Peace of God and of our said Lord the King then and there being Feloniously wilfully and of their Malice afore thought did make an Assault, And that the said two Men unknown with certain large Sticks which they had and held in their Hands him the said Frederick Cornman in and upon the Head of him the said Frederick Cornman at the said Parish of Fulham in the County aforesaid feloniously wilfully and of their Malice afore thought did strike and beat, And that the said two Men unknown did then and there give unto him the said Frederick Cornman in and upon the Right Temple of him the said Frederick Cornman with the Sticks aforesaid one mortal Fracture of which said mortal Fracture he the said Frederick Cornman from the said Eighteenth day of January in the Year aforesaid until the First day of October in the same Year at the Parish of St. Mary le bone in the County aforesaid and also at the Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields and St. Ann within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said First day of October at the said Parish of St. Ann he the said Frederick Cornman of the Mortal Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said two Men to the said Jurors unknown him the said Frederick Cornman in Manner and by the Means aforesaid feloniously wilfully and of their Malice afore= =thought did kill and Murder against the Peace of our said Lord the King his Crown and Dignity. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Benedict Blume Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Benedict Blume Foreman