City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex }to wit.   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. Margaret in the City of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Eight day of March in the Tenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Samuel Tucker then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Nathaniel Grant , Benjamin Beezley , William Kately , Edward Knight , William Crockatt Andrew Rogers , John Timms , Isaac Bunting , John Richardson , James Hawke , James Clarke , David Hogg , William Lainey , Robert Balfour , John Scott , John Waller , and Thomas Branch good and Lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Samuel Tucker came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say That the said Samuel Tucker a Laborer on the Twenty third day of February in the Year aforesaid being employed with another Person to unload a certain Cart at the House of John Brayn a Chandler situate in North Street in the Parish of St. John the Evangelist within the City and Liberty of Westminster in the said County of Middlesex , and that in getting a large Chest containing a great Quantity of Candles out of the said Cart, It so happened that one End of the said Chest then and there with great force Accidentally Casually and by misfortune fell against and upon the left Leg and Foot of the said Samuel Tucker , by Means whereof the said left Leg of the said Samuel Tucker was Bruised and the left Foot Fractured and almost Crushed to pieces, of which said mortal Bruise and Fracture he the said Samuel Tucker from the said Twenty third day of February in the Year aforesaid until the Seventh day of March in the same Year at the said Parish of St. Margaret within the City Liberty and County aforesaid, did languish and languishing did live, on which said Seventh day of March in the Year aforesaid, at the said Parish of St. Margaret, he the said Samuel Tucker of the mortal Bruise and Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Samuel Tucker Accidentally Casually and ny misfortune, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, came ti his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Nathaniel Grant Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of Himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands, and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Thos. Prickard Coroner .

Nathaniel Grant Foreman