City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Andrew Batts the Sign of the Golden Lion in Park Lane in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the second day of December in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord, the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of George Flower then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said George Flower came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said George Flower , a Private in the second Regiment of Life Guards, not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding, but lunatic and distracted, on the thirtieth day of November in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, to wit, into the Water in the Bason in Hyde Park there did cast and throw himself, by Means of which said Casting and Throwing, he the said George Flower  in the Water within the said Bason, was then and there suffo- -cated and drowned, of which said Suffocation and Drowing he the said George flower then and there instantly died, And so the Jurors aforesaid on their Oath aforesaid, do say, That the said George Flower in Manner and by Means aforesaid, not being of sound Mind, Memory drown and kill himself IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Geo. Hutchinson Charles Mathews Wm. Sills Wm. Davis Wm. Finch John Killey

James Marke Joseph Gulley Saml. Chiff Thos. Vaughan Wm Mortlock Benjm. Blake

John Sebthorpe Wm Hinat