City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of John Tromfield in Piccaditly at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square Known by the Sign of the Triumphand Chariot within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty first day of December 1792 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William James then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of Francis Lye , James Bedford  James Wise , Robert Hayden William Corvar  John Collins , William Fenn , Joseph Norris , John Weston , John Topping , Benjamin Evans , Samuel Smith and John Worthy good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William James came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said William James on the Fifteenth day of December in the year aforesaid, at the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, & in the Liberty aforesaid, being employed then in cleaning Windows up three pair of Stairs in the Dwelling House of John Williams Scituate in Saint Martins Lane It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said William James than and there fell to the Ground from the said three pair of Stairs Windows by means whereof he said William James then and there received divers mortal Wounds on the Head of him the said William James , Of which said Mortal Wounds he the said William James from the said Fifteenth day of December in the Year aforesaid at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in a certain Hospital there called Saint Georges Hospital until the Eighteenth day of the same Month did languish, and languishing did live On which said Eighteenth day of December in the year aforesaid at the Parish last mentioned in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in the Hospital aforesaid of the divers Mortal Wounds aforesaid, did die And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said William James in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day Year & Place above written.

Anthy Gill  Coroner Fras. Lye  Forman Benjn. Bedford James Wise Robt. Hayden Wm. Cawarn

John Collins Wm Feny Joseph Norris John Weston W John Sapping Benj. Evans

The Mark of Saml. Smith

The Mark of Jno. Worthy