City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Fourth day of August in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Fraser then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Charles Carey Samuel Kemp , Jeremiah Saxton , William Powell , Thomas Latham , William Terry Daniel Barroll , George Twigg , John Hopworth , David Woodley , Ambrose Turner and Robert Orwood good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Fraser came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say That the said John Fraser on the Third day of August in the Year aforesaid at the Parish of St. Martin in the fields in the Liberty aforesaid in the County aforesaid to wit at St. James's Park going into a certain Water there called the Casual there to Swim and Bathe himself it so happened that accidentally Casually and by Misfortune he the said John Fraser Sunk in a Hole that leads to a Shore in the said Water by means whereof he the said John Fraser was in the Waters of the said Canal then and there Suffocated and Drowned, of which said Suffocation and Drowning he the said John Fraser then and there instantly Died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Fraser in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the said Jurors on behalf of himself and the rest of the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day and Year above written.

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Chas. Carey foreman