City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex . } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Eighth day of July in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of  Richard Smith then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Joseph Pointon  Samuel Towell , John Robe , Stephen Clark , James Burchell  James Farlow , William Hudson , Robins Brown , William Allen , Samuel Crooke , John Brown and Thomas Street good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Richard Smith came to h is Death, do upon thir Oath say, That the said Richard Smith on the Seventh day of July in the Year aforesaid being hastily Riding a certain Horse in the Street called st. Martin's Lane in the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and the and there being in Liquor, It so happened that the said Richard Smith then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell off and from the said Horse. by Means where of the said Richard Smith then and there received divers Bruises in and upon his Stomach of which said Mortal Bruises he the said Richard Smith then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Richard Smith , in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his death, and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner , as the said Joseph Pointon Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Jos Pointon Foreman