City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at The House of Mr. Neeve Sign of the Dog in St. James Market Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fifth day of July 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Anne Spencer then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how,and by what Means the said Anne Spencer came to her Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Anne Spencer on the Evening of Monday the third day of February in the year aforesaid at the Parish of St.Martin in the Fields and in the Liberty aforesaid in endeavouring to gain Admission into the Fritt at the Little Theake in the Hay Market It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune and by the Presence of the Crowd of persons also endeavouring to gain Admission into the said She the said Anne Spencer was then and there suffocated in the Passage leading to the said Pitt Of which said Suffocation she the said Anne Spencer then and there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Anne Spencer in Manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to her Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Dunns have to this Inquisition set their hands & Seals the day Year & Place above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }  James Blackledge Foreman 2 Jos Milner G Pati Jse. Clemmitt G. Harrison

J Jones James Holt Isaac Morgan William Mayne Nicholas Wiltshire Jon. Beak

Francis Smith