City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} To wit An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of Mr Hair No 104 in new Bond Street in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty ninth day of Jany 1795 in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Elizabeth Clarke then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written and Seals affraid good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Elizabeth Clarke came to her Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Elizabeth Clark on the twenty seventh day of January in the year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit at the Dwelling House if Mr. Hair aforesaid being gone to Bed, but having previously lighted a Charecoal Fire in the Bed room, It so happened that accidentally, causally and by Misfortune she the said Elizabeth Clarke from the Smoke arising from the said Charcoal fire was then & there suffocated; Of which said Suffocation she the said Elizabeth Clarke then and there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon then Oath aforesaid do say. that the said Elizabeth Clarke in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to her Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof a well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have so this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day years and place first above written

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Abraham Skgg Foreman Evan Evans Robert Kennedy Wm. Irving

Willm Pearson J. Bretherton J. Patterson H Green Charles Wand Edward Edlin

Wm Clark P. Edwards