City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of James Hill at the Sign of the Duke of Cumberland in Warwick Street in the Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the sixth day of December in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord, the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Archibald Mc. Duff then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Archibald Mc. Duff came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Archibald Mc. Duff on the fifth day of December in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesd. being about to run a cross a certain Street there called Warwick Street in the Parish and Liberty aforesaid just at the Instant as a Cart drawn by three Horses was coming from Swallow Street into Warwick Street, and a Carriage belonging to John Rush  Esqr . of Albemerle Street  Surgeon drawn by two Horses was coming and passing up and through Warwick Street into Beck Street, It so happened, that as the Coachman was driving the said two Horses, the near Horse accidentally casually and by misfortune ran against and pushed the said Archibald Mc. Duff with great Force and Violence upon the Ground in the middle of the said Street by reason whereof, the said Archibald Mc. Duff received di internal mortal Concussions, of which, said internal mortal Concussions, he the said Archibald Mc. Duff then & there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid in their Oath aforesaid, do say, That the said Archibald Mc. Duff unmanner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally casually and by misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise, and that the said Near Horse was moving to the Death of the said Archibald Mc. Duff, and is of the Value of one Shilling and the Property and in the Possession of the aforesaid John Rush  Esquire , or of his Assigns.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } Alex. Brown Jos. Maitland Wm Allason Geo Maddison Lewis Batemann

Chr Willson John Greenshed Joseph Ask K Worsfold Wm Clarke Thos Baldwin

George Wilson Thos Stainer Wm. Grocer John Andress