City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. John Fielder No 13 King's Row Pimlico in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty sixth day of February 1799 in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of George Fielder then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said George Fielder came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said George Fielder not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the twenty fourth day of february in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid a certain Pistol charged with Gun powder and a leaden Bullet which he the said George Fielder then and there had & held in the right hand to and against the head of him She said George Fielder , did then and there shoot off and discharge by Means whereof he the said George Fielder did then and there give unto himself with the leaden Bullet aforesaid so discharged and shot out of the Pistol aforesaid a Mortal fracture of the Scull of him the said George Fielder ; Of which said Mortal fracture he the said George Fielder then & there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said George Fielder not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the Means aforesaid did kill himself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner G Saw Thos. Rice John Townsend Wm. Cauty Geo. Bould

Richd Randall Tho. Lambert Hugh Moiser  M.D . Thomas Whiting G Warburton Adam Gates

John Kent