City Liberty of Westminster of the County of Middlesex } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken, for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of Thomas Daws  Sign of the George in Davis Street  Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean & Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex the first day of August 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith & so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esqr . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City & Liberty, on View of the Body of Murty Cooling then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors where Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty duly chosen, who being then & there duly sworn & charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when has and by what Means the said Minty Cooling came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, that the said Minty Cooling, on the thirty first day of July in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, being in a certain Tree in Hyde Park . It so happened that accidentally casually, and by Misfortune, he the said Marty, Cooling from and out of the said Free did fall to and against the Ground, by means whereof he the said Minty Cooling then and there received divers mortal Bruises on his Head & Body: of which said Mortal Bruises, he the said Minty Cooling then & there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Marty Cooling in manner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally casually & by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors leave to this Inquisition set their hands & Seals the day year & place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Daniel Ormes Foreman John Bidding John Marshall

Wm. Walker Robt. Ross Thos. Lyne The Mark of James Laws

Jonas Murry John Cla Thos. Brook John Rosers

Chs. Townsend Richd Garratt