City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter , Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty second day of June in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Rowland then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Maiden , John Anthony , Jonathan Greenwood William Darwint . Charles Wright  Walter Cowen James Gibbs  William Watson , Charles Owen John Macklow , Charles Ropley , Edmond Boneyfase & Joseph Gould good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when , how, and by what Means the said Thomas Rowland came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Thomas Rowland on the Nineteenth Day of June in the Year aforesaid going into the River Thames to bath himself. It so happened that accidentally casually and by misfortune. He the said Thomas Rowland was in the Water of the said River then and there Suffocated and drowned, of which said Suffocation and drowning. He the said Thomas Rowland . then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Thomas Rowland in Manner. and by the, Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by misfortune came by his Death, and not otherwise

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said John Maiden Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the Rest of his Fellows, in their Presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner .

Jno Maiden Foreman