City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Eighteenth day of March in the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Bevan then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Richard Serace , John Edwards , John Atkins , George Cockitt , William Liddle , John Warren , John Wilkes , Richard Burton , Thomas Exton , Ralph Mills , Russel Stanford and William Wilks good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Bevan came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Thomas Bevan on the Sixteenth day of March in the Year aforesaid being Riding a certain Grey Horse in the Road in Hyde Park , at the Parish and in the LIberty and County aforesaid. It so happened that the said Grey Horse fell down, and Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune flung him the said Thomas Bevan over the Head of the said Horse with great Violence to the Ground, and that the said Grey Horse did afterwards Roll upon and over the Body of the said Thomas Bevan , then and there lying on the Ground as aforesaid; by Means whereof he the said Thomas Bevan then and there received divers Mortal Bruises in and upon his Body, of which said mortal Bruises he the said Thomas Bevan at St. George's Hospital situate in the said Parish Liberty and County, from the said Sixteenth day of March in the Year aforesaid until the Seventeenth day of the same Month in the same Year, did languish and languishing did live, On which said Seventeenth day of March in the year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty and County aforesaid, he the said Thomas Bevan of the Mortal Bruises aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Thomas Bevan , in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. And that the said Grey Horse moved to the Death of the said Thomas Bevan , and is of the Value of Forty Shillings, and the Property and in the Possession of Mr. Nash of Old Broad Street London Stable- -keeper, or of his Assigns. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Richard Serace Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition. set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Richard Serace Foreman