Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit 

An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster the fourteenth day of July in the thirty fourth year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven hundred and Sixty . Before John Feary  Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid. Upon a View of the Body of Richard Bond then and there Lying Dead by the Oaths of William Mason John Stewart , Duncan Stewart , Joshua Tofft , John Cartwright , Thomas Poole , William Hunter , John Brooks  James Moody , Richard Wilson , Garard Varderguchs , William Clanvilla , William Smith , Terance Fin , John Stevens , John Spong and Thomas Kettle Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Enquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when where and in what manner the said Richard Bond come to his Death Say upon their Oaths That the said Richard Bond on Saturday the Twelfth day of this Instant July being alone in the Hay left over the Stables belonging to the Right Honble Lord Foley in Hannah of Venison Yard Brook Street in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square in the Liberty and County aforesaid and not being of sound Mind, Memory and Understanding but Lunatick and Distracted a certain cord of no Value in his hands did take and one part thereof round his Neck did put and place, and the other part thereof round a Wooden Beam in the said Hay left did put round tye and fasten by means of which putting placing and fastning as aforesaid the said Richard Bond himself did hang and strangle by means of which hanging and strangling as aforesaid the said Richard Bond then and there instantly Died. And so the said Jurors aforesaid upon their Oaths aforesaid do say That the said Richard Bond the said Twelfth day of July in the Year aforesaid in the Liberty and County aforesaid in manner and form aforesaid by his Death come and not otherwise. In witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day, year and at the place abovesaid.

Jno. Feary  Coroner

Wm. Mason Foreman