City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Benjamin Vulliani Sign of the No 74 in Pall Mall  Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the eighth day of January 1798 in the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France , and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Francis Vulliani an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Francis Vulliami came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Francis Vulliami on the fifth day of January in the Year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid to Wit on the Leads of the Dwelling House of his Father the said Benjamin Vulliami in Pall Mal aforesaid then and there being alone It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune be the said Francis Vulliami fell from off the said House unto and against the Stone Pavement in the Area of the said House by Means whereof he the said Francis Vulliani then & there received divers Mortal Bruises; of which said Mortal Bruises he the said Francis Vulliani then and there shortly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Francis Vulliami in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his death and not otherwise. IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

James Savage John Sutcliffe Jno Welford John Pickering Robt. Ealand Richd Abboton

 Fisher Joshua Jananny James Woodman Robert Lewis T Williams T. Griffiths Jas. Hutton Thos. Griffth