City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Ninth day of June in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Dr. Keysner (whose Christian name is not known then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Foster , John Woodman  James Payne , Richard Ladd , Richard Smith  Thomas Reeves , Richard Barker , Alexander Holladay , Edward Mathews  John Knock James Mondy , Thomas Hastings & Ephraim Sampell good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Dr. Keysner came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Dr. Keysner not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatick and distracted on the said Ninth day of June in the Year aforesaid at the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid in the Dwelling House of John Russell there Situate, with a certain Razor made of Iron and Steel which he the said Dr. Keysner then and there had and held in his Right Hand, the Throat or Gullet of him the said Dr. Keysner did then and there Strike Stab and Penetrate, thereby then and there giving unto himself with the Razor aforesaid in and upon the Throat or Gullet of him the said Dr. Keysner one mortal Wound of the Length of five Inches and of the depth of one Inch, of which said mortal Wound he the said Dr. Keysner then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath afroesaid do say, that the said Dr. Keysner not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatick and distracted, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, did Kill himself. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said John Foster Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner

John Foster Foreman}