City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex . } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. John the Evangelist within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church St. Peter , Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the first day of July in the twenty fifth Year of the Regin of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Henry Ferdinand Smith then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Solomon Marriott. James Ward , Charles Stephens . Samuel Davis , John Devine , John Fowler , Samuel Darling . Joseph Quick , Philip Jones , Thomas Dawson Simon Johnson , James Demaid , Joseph Heath , William Lloyd and Andrew Stains good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Henry Ferdinand Smith came to h is Death do upon their Oath say, That the said John Henry Ferdinand Smith, on the twenty Ninth Day of June in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish aforesaid, within the Liberty and County aforesaid (to wit) upon, Mill-bank going into the River Thames there to bath himself. It so happened that accidentally, casually, and by misfortune he the said John Henry Ferdinand Smith. was in the Water of the said River then and there suffocated and drowned, of which said Suffocation, and drowning he the said John Henry Ferdinand Smith then and there Instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said John Henry Ferdinand Smith in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally Casually, and by misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Solomon Marriott Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf and the Best of his Fellows, in their Presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands, and Seals the Day year, and Place above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner Sol .Marriott Foreman