City and Liberty of Westminster , in the Country of Middlesex . to wit. } An Inquisition Indented,taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House Thomas Huggins Sign of the Barn in St.Martin Lane  parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the Country of Middlesex , the fourth day of February 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God,of Great Britain, France and Ireland,King, Defender of the Faith,and so forth,before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Bramdram then and there lying dead,upon the Oath of the several Jurors Whole Names one here end as written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what means the said William Bramdram  came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said William Bramdram on the Evening of Monday the third day of February in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid in endeavouring to gain Admission into the Pitt of the little Theatre in the Hay market It so happened that Accidentally, casually and by Misfortune and by the Press me of the Crowd of Persons also endeavouring to gain Admission he the said William Bramdram was suffocated thrown down and trampled upon in the Passage there loading to the said Pitt Of which said Suffocation and Trampling he the said Williams Bramdram then and there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say,that the said William Bramdram in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witnesses where of as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors house to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day year and Place first above-written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Tho. Waller Foreman Wm. Lewis John Green Thos. Kingham Chas. Rymer

Thos. Middleditch P LeJeune Richd. Adey Alexr. Anchor Jn. Beavan P. Richardson

Thomas Stiff