No. 3 Mr. Bruffell

 City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Workhouse belonging to the Parish of St. Clement Danes in Portugal Street within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty seventh day of June 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mr Bruffell then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Mr. Bruffell came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that that the said Mr. Bruffell being in a Lodger in an old ruinated House situate in Houghton Street in the Parish of and in the Liberty aforesaid (and which said House is rented or reputed to be rented by Mr. Higgins and is numbered with the figure 7) It so happened that about half past eight of the Clock in the Morning of the twenty fifth day of June in the Year aforesaid the said old ruinated House, accidentally casually and by Misfortune sunk and fell in, by means whereof, the said Mr. Bruffell (with other Perosns then being in the said House) were then and there under the Ruins and Material thereof, smothered, suffocated and killed; Of which said Smothering, Suffocation killing, he the said Mr. Bruffell then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Mr. Bruffell in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. And that the said Ruins and Material of the said old ruinated House were the Occasion of the death of the said Mr. Bruffell and are of the Value of Ten Pounds and the Property and in the Possession of the His Grace the Duke of Newcastle or, of his Assignee, or Assigns

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Richd. George John Allmett Hector Campbell John Roberts Jabez Lawson

Hugh Munro William Jenkin Wm Giles Evan Griffiths Thos. Green Paul Hardy

Jno. Elsworth John Griffin John Duck Jas Edudsi John Robinson