City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit  An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields , within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty first day of September in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of god of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so for the before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty On View of the Body of James Mackoun then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Benjamin Moore , James Barber , Benjamin Hinton , Thomas Day , Thomas Davison , Thomas Davies William Treble  Francis Flanders , William Russell , Robert Collier , John Dobins  Adam Huntley , William Weale , and Joseph Cave good and law full Men of the said Liberty duly Chosen who being then and there duly Sworn and Charged to inquire for our said Lord the King when how and by what Means the said James Mackoun came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That John Neille late of the Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden within the Liberty and County aforesaid Laborer, on the Eighth day of September in the Year aforesaid with Force and Arms at the said Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden in and upon the said James Mackoun, in the Peace of God and of our said Lord the King then and there being feloniously did make an Assault; And that the said John Neille with his Right Hand, him the said James Mackoun in and upon the left side of the Head of him the said James Mackoun, did then and there feloniously strike and beat, and him the said James Mackoun to and upon the Stone Pavement in the Piazza in Covent Garden , situate and being in the said Parish Liberty and County, did cast and throw; And that the said John Neille by the striking, beating casting and throwing down aforesaid, did then and there give unto him the said James Mackoun, in and upon the back part, and left side of the Head of him the said James Mackoun, one Mortal Fracture, of which said mortal Fracture he the said James Mackoun from the said Eighth day of September in the Year aforesaid, until the Twentieth day of the same Month and Year at the said Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden , and also at the said Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty and County aforesaid, did languish and languishing did live, on which said Twentieth day of September in the Year aforesaid, at the said Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty and County aforesaid, he the said James Mackoun of the mortal Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said John Neille him the said James Mackoun in Manner and by the Means aforesaid feloniously did kill and slay, against the Peace of our said Lord the King his Crown and Dignity. And that the said John Neille at the time of committing the Felony and Manslaughter aforesaid, or at any time since, had no Goods or Chattels Lands or Tenements within the said Liberty or elsewhere, to the Knowledge or Notice of the said Jurors. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Benjamin Moore Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

Benjn. Moore Foreman