City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Seventh day of July in the Tenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Patrick Mc. Dermott then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Edward Nihell , John Pike , John Elwell , Frederick Binger , Nathan Hirst , Samuel Mountfield , Lumsdale Christian , John Friston Hamberger , Alexander Steward  Stephen Edmonds , John Birks and Robert Drummond good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Patrick Mc. Dermott came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Patrick Mc Dermott on the Sixth day of July in the Year aforesaid being Intoxicated and in Liquor, in the House of Thomas Clemmitt Victualler, situate and being in the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and the said Patrick Mc. Dermott falling assleep, with the Collar of the shirt which he the said Patrick Mc.Dermott then were Buttoned, and very Sight, It so happened that the said Patrick Mc. Dermott, with the great Quantity of Beer, Punch, and other Spiritnous Liquors which the said Patrick Mc. Dermott had drunk, was then and there Suffocated and Choaked, and thereof then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Patrick Mc.Dermott in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Edward Nihell Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

Ed. Nihell Foreman