City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King,at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the First day of February in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith,and so forth,before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of George Hickson then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of  Thomas Lyne , Rice Powell , Francis Walters , Robert Crosland , Alexander Applegarth , William Hebb , John Arnold , William Bishop , Thomas Brigden , William Carr Daniel Bunning and Alexander Miles good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what means the said George Hickson  came to h is. Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said George Hickson on the twenty seventh day of January in the Year aforesaid, labouring under a Grevious Disease of Body (to wit) a Dropsy, and by reason of the Violence of the said Disease being Delicious and out of his Mind, at the said Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, with a certain knife made of Iron and Steel which he the said George Hickson then and there had and held in his right Hand. The Thomas of him the said George Hickson did then and there strike Stab, and penetrate, thereby then and there giving into himself the said George Hickson so being delicious and of his Mind as aforesaid, with the simple aforesaid in and upon the Throat of him said George Hickson one mortal wound of the length of two Inches and of the Depth of one Inch. of which said mortal wound he the said George Hickson at the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid from the said Twenty seventh day of January in the year aforesaid untill the Twenty Eighth day of the same Month and Year did Languish and Languashing did live,On which said Twenty Eighth day of January in the Year of aforesaid he the said George hickson of the mortal wound aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty and Country aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said George Hickson in manner and by the means aforesaid being Delicious & out of his mind as aforesaid did kill himself.

In Witness where of as well the said Coroner as the said Thomas Lyne Foreman of the said Jurors,on the behalf of himself and the rest of his fellows in their presence, have to this Inquisition set then Hands and seals the Day year and place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Tho. Lyne Foreman