City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Richard Bilton the Sign of the Highlander in whitcomb Street in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the third day of June 1796  in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Efq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Gripierre Marquis de Moncroc de Laval Chevalier de St. Lourder then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Marquis de Mon de Laval cam to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that some person or persons unknown not having the fear of God before his her, or their Eyes but moved and reduced by the Instigation of the Devil on or about the twenty ninth day of May in the year aforesaid mith force and arms at the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty & County aforesd. (that is to say) in the Lodging Room or Apartment of him the sd. Marquin de Mon scituate in Mo oath count whit combe spiet in and upon the said Marquis de Moneroe de Laval in the peace of God and of our said Lord the King then and there being feloniously, wilfully, and of his Malice aforethought did make an Assault and that the said person or persons unknown, a certain Instrumt. to these Jurors unknown, which he she or they had and held in his her or their hand to and against the Throat or gullect of him the said Marquis de Monerrd de Laval did strike, stat and henetrate, by then and there giving unto him the said Marquis de Moneroe de Laval th such Instrument as aforesaid one Mortal wound of the breadth of one Inche and an lf and of us great depth: of which said Mortal wound He the said Marquis de Moneroe de Laval then and there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Person or Persons unknown him the said Marquis de Monroe de Laval in the Manner and by the Means aforesaid feloniously wilfully and of his Malice aforthought did kill and Minder against the peace of our said Lord the King his kown and Dignity: And that the said person a persons unknown after committing the Felony and Murder aforesaid in the and feed for the same IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written. 

Anthy. Gell Coroner } Fran Shackelton Willm Clemence , Willm. Caslake Ralph Stevenson Robt Brodfield

Thos Moss John Hudson Cajesan Golidon Wm Brandon John Lathing Thos Palmer

mep Barnaby Harper J. S. B rower Thos Welram Jos. James Edmonds

Thos. Greatt