City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Thirty first day of January in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Stribbs then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Henry Toy John Storr , John Lyon , John Stowers , George Daws , Alexander Shenton William Miller , John Davis , Robert Minis , Ephraim Woods , Joseph Wedgborough and John Bedwell Good and lawful Men of the said Liberty. duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Stubbs came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said William Stibbs on the Seventeenth day of January in the Year aforesaid being Walking in Fleetstreet in the Parish of St. Bride London, and that a Man unknown was then carefully driving a Cart loaded with Coals in the said Street, It so happened that the said William Stubbs slipped in his feet and fell down by the side of the said Cart, and that the Off wheel of the said Cart then and there Accidentally casually and by Misfortune passed over the Right Leg of the said William Stubbs , Whereby the said William Stubbs then and tere received one mortal wound in and upon his Right Leg, of which said Mortal Wound he the said William Stubbs from the said Seventeenth day of January the Year aforesaid until the Twenty- ninth day of the same Month and Year at the said Parish of St. Margaret Within the Liberty and County aforesaid, did Languish and Languishing did live, on which said Twenty ninth day of January, at the Parish of St. Margaret aforesaid he the said William Stubbs of the Mortal wound aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said William Stubbs in Manner and by the means aforesaid Accidentally Causally and by Misfortune came to his death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Henry Toy have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner Henry Toy Foreman