City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Daniel Ryan the Sign of the George in Princes Street Soho in the Parish of St. Anne Soho within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty eighth day of July 1798 in the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of an Infant Female Child Sarah Tett then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Female Child came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Female Child on the twelfth day of July in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being in the Dwelling House of her mother in Princes Street aforesaid which then and there took fire It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune she the said female Child from the flame arising from the said fire was then and there burnt Of which said Burning she the said female Child did languish & languishing did live until the said twenty eight day of July on which said twenty eighth day of July in the year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid she the said female child of the said Burning, did die, And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said female Child in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually & by Misfortune came to her death & not otherwise

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

James Smart W Potts G. Mc Kerrell Wm Wall John Beckers John Alderson Thos. Mitchell

Josh. Rowe James Swain Richd. Greening Wm. Elliott Robert Perg Thos. Curtis Josh. Pitts