City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr. Slack Sign of the Sun in Chapel Street  South Audley St . parish of St. Geo: Hanr. Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the ninth day of October 1793  in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France,and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Ann Hewit then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Ann Hewitt came to her Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Ann Hewitt on this eighth day of October in the Year of aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being in a Haye in Chapel Street aforesaid It so happened that accidentally Casually & by Misfortune she the said Ann Hewitt from and out of the Stair Case Window into the Yard did fall by Means whereof she the said Ann Hewitt then and there received one Mortal Wound on her Head of which said Mortal Wound she the said Ann Hewitt then & there instantly dead: And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Ann Hewitt in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to her Death & not otherwise In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors became to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year & Place first above written.

Anthony Gell Coroner } James Butto  Farmer Peter Pland Wm Bonhnser Ricd Towne St Churchill

William Waters Robert Baker Thos. Wigfield Charles Chandler John Piddington W Pointer

Thos. Nichol John Every