City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } To wit.  An Inquisition indented, take for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of Mary Hitch Sign of the Kings Head in Knightsbridge , in the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex the first day of September 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth before Anthony Gell , Esqr. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty on view of the Body of Joseph Heath then and there lying dead upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King when, how, and by what Means the said Joseph Heath came to his death, do upon their Oath say, the some Person or Persons to these Jurors unknown, now at large, not having the Fear of God before his her; or their Eyes but moved and seduced by the Instigation of the Devil on the thirtieth day of August in the Year aforesaid with force and Arms, in Hyde Park within the Liberty aforesaid, in and upon the said Joseph Heath , in the Peace of God and of our said Lord the King, then and there being feloniously, wilfully, and of his, her, or their Malice afore thought, did make an Assault. And that the said Person or Persons to these Jurors unknown, then and there feloniously, wilfully and of his her or their Malice aforethought, him the said Joseph Heath into a certain Pond of Water situate and being in Hyde Park aforesaid did cast and throw, by means whereof. he the said Joseph Heath in the Water of the said Pond was then and there suffocated and drowned: Of which said Suffocation and Drowning he the said Joseph Heath then and there instantly died. And so the Turns aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid do day, that the said Person or Persons, now at large, and to them unknown, him the said Joseph Heath in Manner and by the Means aforesaid feloniously, wilfully and of his, her, or their Malice after thought did hill and under; against the Pence of our said Lord the King, his Crown and Dignity. And that the said Person or Persons unknown after He, She or They had committed the Felony and Murder aforesaid, in manner and by the Means aforesaid withdrew and fled for the same And that at the Time of the Committing thereof, or, at any Time since, He She, or They the said Person or Persons unknown, had not any Goods, or Chattels, Lands or Tenements within the said Liberty or elsewhere to the Knowledge of the said Turns. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above-written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } John Bramsgrove Foreman } Geo. Haywood Geo Gosington Wm Reed

John Walton Samuel Hull John Adams the mark of Isaac Knight Jas Mathews Jn. Hooton

George Crouch William White