City of Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Ann within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Eighteenth day of June in the twenty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Elizabeth Wooden and Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of William Bamford , Robert Extall , John Jones , John Wilson , William Garniss , John Watson , George Hofsack , John Colement , Salmon Myes , Joshua Johnson , Thomas Emery , Lionel Tate , Robert Mitchell , Charles Rupee , John Pearee  Joseph Trong , and James Rice good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Elizabeth Wooden came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say That on the seventeenth day of June in the Year aforesaid, the said Elizabeth Wooden the Infant of the Age of Two Years and upwards, being in the Lodging Room of James Wooden her Father, in the Second Floor in the Dwelling House of Mr. Dechamps, situate in Chapel Street in the said Parish of St. Ann , within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and there standing at one of the Windows in the said Room. It so happened that the said Elizabeth Wooden the Infant, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell out of and through the said Window into the Area, in the Front of the said House, by means whereof the said Elizabeth Wooden the Infant, did then and there receive one mortal Fracture in and upon the right side of the Head of her the said Elizabeth Wooden, of which said mortal Fracture she the said Elizabeth Wooden the Infant, then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said Elizabeth Wooden in manner and by the means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to her Death and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner , as the said William Bamford Foreman of the Said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Wm Bamford Foreman