City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mr Robinson the Sign of the Barley Mow Bennets Court  Drury Lane in the parish of St. Clement Danes within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty ninth day of March1799 in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Lydia Ferguson an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Lydia Ferguson came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Lydia Ferguson on the twenty eighth day of March in the year aforesaid at the Parish of St. Pauls Covent Garden in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in Bridges Street then and there being with her Mother (who appeared to be in Liquor at which time the Coach of Mr. Thornton of Clapham in the County of Surrey was then and there passing by being drawn by two Horses It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune the wheel of the said Coach then & there went over the Head of the said Lydia Ferguson by means wheel the Head of her the said Lydia Ferguson was then and thereby fractures: Of which said Fracture she the said Lydia Ferguson on the said day did And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Lydia Ferguson in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to her death and not otherwise: That the wheel of the said Coach was moving to ye Death of the said Lydia Ferguson and is of the Value of one Shilling.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Emanuel Rae Jno. Elsworth Jos. Walker Geo: Sanderson Thomas Clark

Jno Armison H George John Best Matthew Harksey John Mill Alexander Baldie

Jacob Jolly John Cruchley Jno. Garmston Hy Hoskins Wm Ashland Thos Bescaby

William Giles Hr Solomon Wm Insey Charles Ovath