City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit.   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of William Buckland the Sign of the Bill in Upper Mount Street  Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty first day of April 1796 in the thirty Sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Frances Gardner then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Frances Gardner came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Frances Gardner not being of Sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the twentieth day of April in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid on end of a certain Window Line or Clock Line unto an Iron Hook or Staple fastened into the beiling in the Lodging room or Apartment of her the said Frances Gardner in Street's Buildings, and the other end thereof about her own Neck did fix tye and fasten and therewith did then and there hang Suffocate and Strangle herself of which said hanging Suffocation and Strangling she the said Frances Gardner then and there instantly died. And So the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Frances Gardner, not being of sound Mind Memory & understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the Means aforesaid did Kill herself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } Bm Musgrave Jas. Brittain John Dossett Ewd. Steward Thos Groner

John Welm Tho Reeve Saml. Shipporson Benjn Noon the Wm Varnell

Jas. Badcock John Harding William Devis Thomas White