Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit

An Inquisition Indented and taken at theDean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster , the Twenty third day of April in the First Year of the Reign of an Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the faith and so forth, and in the year of our Lord One Thousand seven hundred and sixty one . Before John Feary  Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, Upon a Veiw of the Body of Henry Lyon then and there lying Dead by the Oaths of Thomas Clerk , George Allen , Jebez Price , William Hepworth , George Stovell , William Wainman , William Wall , Benjamin Whereby Abraham Longstaffe , John Steward , Thomas Markes , Henry Millett , John Smithers , and John Parberry Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Enquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when where and in what manner the said Henry Lyon came to his Death say upon their Oath. That on Monday the 20th. day of this Instant April the said Henry Lyon being on Horseback and driving of a Cart with two Horses to it in the Common Highway or Road leading from Buckingham Gate to Pimlico  Chelsea and righ unto the Fire Engine in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square in the Liberty and County aforesaid it so happened that the said Henry Lyon being in Liquor and riding too near the Hedge side the Bushes catching held of him forced him from off the said Horse to the Ground and the said near Wheel of the said Cart did then and there accidentally casually and by Misfortune pass over the Grow and Privities of the said Henry Lyon by means whereof the said Henry Lyon did then and there receive one Mortal Wound or Bruise on his Grom and Privities, of which he the said Henry Lyon languished for near one day and then Died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oaths aforesaid do say that the said Henry Lyon in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise, and that the said near wheel of the said Cart so drawn as aforesaid was moving to the Death of the said Henry Lyon , and is of the Value of Two Shillings, and the Property and in the Possession of Mr. John Hutchins of St. Luke Chelsea in the County of Middlesex , or of his Assigns. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year and at the place abovementioned.

Jno. Feary . Coroner

Thomas Clark Forman