City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Mr. Moore the Sign of the three Jons in the Broad Sanctuary parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the seventh day of June 1796  in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Efq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, onView of the Body of Thomas Coombes then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Coobes came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Thomas Coobles, labourer being at work on the top of the House of Mr. Stovell in Cower Grosevenor Street in the Parish of St. George  Hanover Square in the Liberty aforesaid on the fourth day of June in the Year aforesaid It so happened that the said Thomas Coombes accidentally casually & by Misfortune form the top of the said House to and against the stone pavement in Grosevenor Street aforesaid did fall, by means where of he the said Thomas Coombes did there & there receive a Mortal wound or Facture on the neck of him the said Thomas Coombes : of which said Mortal Wound he the said Thomas Coombes on the said fourth day of June inttiegeans aforesaid at St. George's Hospital, did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid on their saith aforesaid do say that the said Thomas Coombes in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition fer their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } Smith Foreman Wm Jones Ed Newcomb Thos Barber George Wall

S WESTON E smith A Maddox Jos Bowley Rd Riches Geo. Robinson

Thos. Aboses Saml Harris Wm Wilkins