City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex to Wit .

An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Margaret in the City of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex the Twenty eight day of August in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth, before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Swain then and there lying Dead upon the Oath of Thomas Applebee , Thomas Green  William Ervin  Robert Collins John Page , James Bartlett , Robert Clarkson , Joseph Bayles , John Jackson , John Brooklebank , Walter Brown , Henry Friday , James Dunn , John Skinner , Bailey Bellimore and Richard Harriman , good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to inquire for Our said Lord the King, when, how and by what Means the said Thomas Swain came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That on the Twenty seventh day of August in the Year aforesaid, the said Thomas Swains being on Board a certain Barge or Lighter Loaden with Lime, and lying at Mr. Marsden's Wharf upon Mill Bank in the Parish of St. John the Evangelist with in the City and Liberty aforesaid in the County aforesaid; And the said Thomas Swain being then and there asleep in the Cabin of the said Barge, It so happened that the said Barge under the Lime and near to the Cabin, Where the said Thomas Swain lay asleep, Accidentally, Casually and by Misfortune took fire, and that the said Thomas Swain was then and there by the Smoak and Sulphurious Smell, arising from the said Fire, Suffocated and Smothered, of which said Suffocation and Smothering he the said Thomas Swain died the same day at a certain Hospital called the Westminster Hospital situate in the said Parish of St. Margaret within the City Liberty and County aforesaid. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Thomas Swain in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune, came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Thomas Applebee Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner . Thos Applebee Foreman