City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty third day of March in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of James Cheeseman an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of William Gee , James Wise , Joseph Matthews , Avery Tyrrell , William Hazael , Richard Tomkins , Francis Exton , William Sharp , James Westover , John Byles , Reynold Mc.Donald , and Thomas Barber good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said James Cheeseman came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That on the Twentieth day of March in the Year aforesaid a Man unknown was Driving a certain Waggon with Broad Wheels in the Kings Highway at Knightsbridge in the Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid, And that the said James Cheeseman an Infant of the Age of three Years being then and there in the said Kings Highway It so happened that the Off fore Wheel of the said Waggon Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune passed over the Body of the said James Cheeseman the Infant, then lying on the Ground in the said Highway, by Means whereof the said James Cheeseman the Infant then and there received Mortal Wounds and Briuses in and upon the left side of him the said James Cheeseman , of which said mortal Wounds and Bruises he the said James Cheeseman languished about one hour at St. Georges Hospital in the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and then and there of the Mortal Wounds and Bruises aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said James Cheeseman the Infant in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. And that the said Off fore Wheel of the said Waggon moved to the Death of the said James Cheeseman , and is of the Value of One Guinea and the Property of a Person or Persons to the Jurors aforesaid unknown. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said William Gee  Foreman of the said Jurors on behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovewritten.

Tho. Prichard Coroner

Wm Geo Foreman