City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Collett the Sign of the Roebuck on Millbank in the Parish of Saint John within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Nineteenth day of February 1798 in the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Martin then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Martin came to his death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Martin on the eighteenth day of February in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit on Millbank aforesaid being then & there passing by It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said John Martin fell down a sleep part of the said Bank by Means whereof he the said John Martin then and there received a Mortal Wound and Bruise then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Martin in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his death and not otherwise. IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner } Edwd. Willson Charles Snook Robt. Lambert Ricd. Munday Christ. Matthew

Wm. Streat Humphrey Fitzor James Vincent John Vincent Henry Kerslake

Moses Ford J Townsend Wm. Bartram Samuel Wood