City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Joseph the Sign of the Barley Mow in Mount Street in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter , Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the 31 Day of August 1799 in the thirty Ninth Year of the Reign on our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and So forth, before Anthony Gell , Esqr . Coroner of our Said Lord the King for the Said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of a Woman Unknown then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names one hereunder written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the Said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to enquire our Said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said a Woman Unknown came to h er Death, do upon their Oath Say that the said a Woman Unknown not being of sound Mind Memory I Understanding but lunatic & Distracted on the 30th. of August in the Year aforesaid at the Parish & in the Liberty aforesaid, To Witness the River Serpentine there did out & throw herself by Means of which said Casting & Throwing she the said Woman Unknown in the Watus of the said River, was then & there Suffocated & drowned of which said Suffocation & Drowning she the said Woman Unknown then & there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Woman Unknown, in Manner & by Means aforesaid, not being of Sound Mind Memory & Understanding but lunatic & distracted did drown & Kill herself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Richd Garratt William King John Miland Chs Townsend James Smith

Joseph Crosty G. Bye Jno. Cooper Horton John Hillary

The Mark of Josh. B Lawrence }

Thomas Brooke

Wm Kensey James Luch