City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at The Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty eighth day of Septr. in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City. and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Taylor an Infant and about thirteen Months lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Taylor came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that in the Evening of the twenty seventh day of September in the Year aforesaid the said Infant John Taylor was put to Bed by his Mother  Hetty Taylor in her Lodging Room at No. 9 in Carteret Street in the Parish and Liberty aforesaid in which said Room was a large Tin Kettle with Water therein, that soon after the said Hetty Taylor had put the said John Taylor into Bed she left the Room Door on the Jarr and went down Stairs about a Quarter of an hour and during her Absence it so happened, that acci- dentally, casually, and by Misfortune the said Infant John Taylor fell into the Water in the said Tin Kettle and remained with this Head at the bottom thereof, by which Means he the said Infant John Taylor , in the Water within the said Tin Kettle was then and there suffocated and drowned of which said Suffocation and Drowning, he the said Infant John Taylor then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon this Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Infant John Taylor , in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally, casually, and by Misfortune came to his death, and not otherwise. And that the said Tin Kettle was the Cause of the Death of the said John Taylor , and is of the Value of one Shilling and the Property and in the Possession of the Hetty Taylor or of her Assigns.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

W Jones Mr. Brosin A S. Syfnett Saml Andrews Richd. Hassall

Benjn. Bletch Richd Durban Wm: Bird Jas. Nephew Smith Richd. Golding James Sewell

John Robinson