City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of John Learner of John Learner in Dean Street at the Parish of St. Anne Soho known by & Sign of the Bull's that within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty eighth day of December 1792 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Lowry Fell then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of John Best , John Derbyshire , George Grundy , William Christie Samuel Bark , William Bamford , George Mc. Kerrell , Thomas Williams James Wood , Charles Bond , John Carter , William Hasell , James Clark  Andrew Maye , William Robinson , John Watkinson William Smith , William Potts  John Acet , John Williams and George Shires good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Lowry Fell came to h is Death, do upon their oath say that the said Lowry Fell on the twenty Sixth day of December in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, To Wit at the Dwelling House of John Learner scituate in Dean Street departed this Life by excessive Drinking and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day, year and Place above-written.

Anthy. Gell  Coroner Jno Best  Foreman John Durbyshire Geo Grundy Wm Christ Samuel Bark

Wm. Bamford G. Mc Kerrell Thos. Williams James Wood Charles Bonet John Carter Wm. Hasaill

James Clark Andw Mayes Wm Robinson John Watkinson Wm. Smith William Potts

John Acret John William the Mark of Geo: Shires Witness J. H Fell