City of Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Stephen Noad Sign of the Coach and Horses in St. Matins Lane Parish of St. Martins within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the thirtieth day of July 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Joseph Smith and Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Joseph Smith came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Joseph Smith on the twenty ninth day of July in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in the Strand , as two Mail Coaches linked together was passing through thence being drawn by two Horses, he the said Joseph Smith then being upon the will of the latter Coach It so happened that the said Joseph Smith then and there accidentally, casually and by Misfortune fell from off the said Poll to the Ground; By reason whereof one of the wheels of the said Caller Mail Coach and then and there go upon and pass over the Head of him the said Joseph Smith By means whereof he the said Joseph Smith did then and there accidentally casually and by Misfortune receive divers Mortal Bruises and Fractures on his said Head: Of which said Mortal Bruises as Fractures he the said Joseph Smith then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Joseph Smith in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. And that the said Wheel of the said Mail Coach drawn as aforesaid was moving to the Death of the said Joseph Smith and is of the Value of Six pence and the Property and in the Possession of Vidler of the Parish of St. John westminster or his Assigns. In Witness where of as well the said Coroner, as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Richd Reynolds  Foreman Jno. Davis Robt Knipe George Moore William Pascell Thomas 

Thos D Robert White Thos; Ashby John Higgins Thos. Carter W Dinson