City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Fifteenth day of September 1792 in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Copping an Infant then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of Joseph Greensill , David Crickton , Gregory Newman , Thomas Griffiths , William Oddy , William Barron , John Robinson , James Bubb , James Mc. Lane , Thomas Dunn , Thomas Taylor  John Rauken , and Thomas Crossley good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Copping came to his Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said William Copping on the Fourteenth day of September in the year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being laid to sleep, in a certain turn-up Bedd then and there being in the room of the Dwelling House of William Copping the Father of the said William Copping the Infant that Mrs. Copping the Mother of the said William Copping the Infant and another coming into the said Room and not knowing that the said William Copping the Infant was then and there asleep and lying in the said Bed, It so happened that the said Mrs. Copping and the other Person accidentally Casually and by Misfortune then and there innocently turned up the said Bed by means whereof he the said William Copping the Infant in the Cloaths of the said Bed was then and there suffocated and smothered Of which said Suffocation and Smothering he the said William Copping the Infant then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said William Copping the Infant in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Joseph Greensill  Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year and Place above written.

Anthy. Gell  Coroner

Joseph Greensill  Foreman