City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the KIng at the House of Mr. Neve Sign of the Dog in St. James's Market  Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fifth day of February 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGe the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth,before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Chalton Willis then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Charlton Willis came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Charlton Willis in endeavouring to gain Admission into the Pitt of the Little Theake in the Hay Market on the Evening of Monday the third day of February in the Year aforesaid at the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields and in the Liberty aforesaid It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune and by the Pressure of the Crowd of Persons also endeavouring to gain Admission into the said Pitt She the said Willis was then and there suffocated in the Passage leading to the said Pitt. Of which said Suffocation he the said John Charlton Willis then and there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid that the said John Chalton Willis an Manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner in the said Jurors house to the Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day year and Place above Written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }  James Blackledge Foreman Jno. Milner G Patchett Js. Clemmitt G. Harrison

J. Jones James Holt Isaac Morgan William Mayne Hey. Beale Francis Smith

John Bristow