City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to Wit 

An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish St. Margaret in the City of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty ninth Day of July in the Fifth-Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defend of the Saith and so Forth before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of James Matthews then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of Edward Nonman  John Harkness , Charles Taylor , Thomas Burdon , Combs Coxe , Henry Holbrook , Andrew Rogers , John Saxy , James Mason , Joseph Smith , John Nutting  John Bunce , George Field , George Newton and John Cont , good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chosen who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire or our said Lord the King, when how, and by what Means the said James Matthews came to his Death, do upon their Oathsay, That the said James Matthews on the Twenty eighth day of July in the Year aforesaid at the Parish of St. John the Evangelist with in the City Liberty and County aforesaid, to wit, on Mill Bank, going into the River Thames , there to bath himself, And that the said James Matthews did then and there Swim down the said River Thames into the said Parish of St. Margaret , within the City Liberty and County aforesaid, near unto Westminster Bridge ; It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said James Matthews was in the Waters of the said River, then and there suffocated and drowned; of which said Suffocation and Drowning he the said James Matthews then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said James Matthews in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally, Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Edward Norman Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first abovewritten

Tho. Prickard . Coroner .

Ed. Norman Foreman