City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Seventeenth Day of August in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Hector Mc. Pherson then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Orteel James Barber , Benjamin Hinton , Nathaniel Tebbs , John Stears , Robert Jackson , John Densey William Marsellus , Peter Corner , Robert Collier , William Ross , Jacob Hipp , William Russell , Joseph Cook and Francis Thompson good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Hector Mc. Pherson came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say That the said Hector Mc. Pherson on the Sixteenth day of August in the Year aforesaid being employed to Dig in same Old Ruins near the Adelphi Street in the Parish Liberty and County aforesaid, it so happened that while he was so digging a Stack of an Old Chimney and part of some Old Flooring then and there accidentally casually and by Misfortune fell down by means whereof he the said Hector Mc. Pherson under the Ruins and Materials thereof was Suffocated and Killed of which said Suffocation and Killing to the said Hector Me. Pherson then and there instantly Died. And so the Jurors aforesaid on their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Hector Mc. Pherson in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid on behalf of himself and the rest of the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

Jo Ortus Foreman