City of Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , } to wit, An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Andrew Ball the Sign of the Golden Lion in Park Lane in the parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twelfth day of March 1798 in the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the king for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Alexander Falconer then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Alexander Falconer came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Alexander Falconer not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the seventh day of March in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To wit into the Serpentine River in Hyde Park there did east and throw himself by means of which said lasting and Throwing he the said Alexander Falconer in the waters of the said Riser was then and there suffocated and drowned of which said suffocation and Drowning he the said Alexander Falconer then and there instantly died, And So the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said Alexander Falconer in manner and by the Means aforesaid, not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted did drown and kill himself.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Henry Slack Foreman Wm Twentyman John Fordshon James P. Smart Ths. L: Whiton

Richd. Tove Thos. Flattley Roger Cuthern John Freeborn Jon: Prinal Benj. Ashmed

John Holland