City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mrs. Brotherton Sign of the Kings Arms in Little St. James's Street  Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fifth day of September in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of James Barter an Infant aged three years then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said James Barter came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said James Barter on the twenty ninth day of August in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being in a certain place called the thatched House Court or yard It so happened that accidentally, casually and by Misfortune a large Newfoundland Doe belonging to Mr Willis (the Master of the Thatched House Tavern ) whilst running in Play with other Children, did knock unto the ground the said James Barter and that the said James Barter so being knocked down aforesaid, did then and there receive a Concussion of the Brain; Of which said Concussion of the Brain he the said James Barter on the third day of September in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said James Barter in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune, came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors hence to this Inquisition set their hands & Seals the Day year & Place first above-written.

Anthy Gell Coroner Fras: Joseph Foreman Christopher Todd John Kerr William Elder John Timber David Jenkins Richd Ab

Jacob Hipp Jas. Hunt , William Stokes Edward Ed. Williams John Sutton

John Smith E Harding. John Finn Robt Johnston Joshua Janaway John Moir