City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit.

An Inquisition Indented taker for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Margaret in the City of Westmr. within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegia Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Sixth Day of September in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and forth, before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of Our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty On View of the Body of Mary Smith Widow then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of Jonathan Wright , John Bunce , William Clay , John Nutton , John Granger , John Grammar , James Smart , James Wild , George Standforth , Thomas Hopson , Stephen Green , Anthony Satchill , William Lukely , John Martin , William Clark , John Barbrey , James Young , and John Dodd , good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chosen who. being then and there duly Sworn and Charged to inquire for our said Lord the King when how and by what Means the said Mary Smith came to her Death doupon their Oath say That the said Mary Smith , not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding, but Lunatic and Distracted, on the Fifth day of September in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish aforesaid, within the City Liberty and County aforesaid, one End of a certain piece of large lord, unto an Iron hook fastened into a Bed post, in the Lodging Room or Apartment of her the said Mary Smith in the Dwelling House of George White situate and being in Dacre Street in the said Parish City Liberty and County, and the other End thereof about her own Neck did fix, tye, and fasten, and there with did then and there hang, suffocate and strangle herself, of which said Hanging, Suffocation, and Strangling she the said Mary Smith then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon the Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Mary Smith , not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, did kill herself.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner , as the said Jonathan Wright , Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written.

Tho. Prickard  Coroner . John Manwright Foreman