City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of Thomas Huggins  Sign of the Barn in St. Martins Lane Parish of St. Martins in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fourth day of December 1794 in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and So forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our Said Lord the King for the Said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Norton then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the Said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to enquire our Said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Norton came to his Death, do upon their Oath Say that the said John Norton , about six or seven Weeks last past, being employed to carry Stooks to Messieurs to Cocks and Kitchenn's Wharf near Beaufort Buildings from and out of a certain West Country Barge in the River Thames in the Precinct and Liberty aforesaid: It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said John Norton fell out of the said Barge into the said River Thamas and in the Waters there of was then and there suffocated and drowned: of Which said Suffocation and Drowning he the said John Norton then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that the said John Norton in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally, casually, and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness where of as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day, Year, and Place first above mentioned.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

John Hammond  Foreman Robert Bancks Benjn: Fry Joseph Bell Thos Evans

Josh. Smith Edwd Collyer John Hicks Jams. Eve James FitzGerald William Barron T Sheldrake Junr.