City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Second day of July in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Elizabeth Mc. Daniel an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Edwards , John Jones , Edwards Dunn , Thomas Evans , Thomas Gale , Christopher Kay , John Reid , Richard Collin , John Roberts , John Cullen Thomas Bathurst , William Simpson , Samuel Norgrave , Thomas Steel and John Crouch good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Elizabeth Mc. Daniel came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Elizabeth Mc. Daniel the Infant on the First day of July in the Year aforesaid, being in the Lodging Room or Apartment of Francis Mc. Daniel her Father, in the dwelling House of Thomas Bathurst , situate in Lucas's Court in the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and then and there reaching through one of the Windows in the said Room to a certain Line for drying of Linnen on the outside thereof, It so happened that the said Elizabeth Mc. Daniel then and there Accidently Casually and by Misfortune fell out of and through the said Window, being of the height if two Stories, unto and upon the Stone Pavement in the said Court, and thereby did then and there receive one mortal Contusion in and upon the back part of her Head, of which said mortal Contusion she the said Elizabeth Mc. Daniel then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Elizabeth Mc. Daniel in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to her death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said John Edwards Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

John Edwards Foreman