City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit  An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Fourth Day of June in the Seventh year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King. Defender of the Faith and so forth, before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body, of Matthew Hawkins then and there lying dead upon the Oath of Henry Allibone , Michael Player , William Curtis , John Orton , John Fleming , Thomas Vaisey , Cuthbert Smith , Thomas Harwood , John Ortenn , John Wilkes , William Spurling and William Litchfield , good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duty chosen who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Matthew Hawkins came to his Death, do upon their Oath say. That the said Matthew Hawkins on the First day of June in the Year aforesaid being in the Stable of Thomas Wallington Cowkeeper situate in Brig Street in the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and then and there standing behind a certain Mare of a Chesnut Clou in the said Stable. It so happened that the said Chesnut Mare with one of her hinder feet did several times kick and strike the said Matthew Hawkins , by Means whereof the said Matthew Hawkins Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune did then and there receive divers mortal Wounds and Bruises in and upon the Belly and side of him the said Matthew Hawkins , of which said mortal Wounds and Bruises he the said Matthew Hawkins from the said first day of June in the Year aforesaid until the Second day of the same Month in the same Year, at the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said Second day of June in the Year aforesaid he the said Matthew Hawkins at the Parish Liberty and County aforesaid of the mortal Wounds and Bruises aforesaid, did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Matthew Hawkins in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. And that the said Chesnut Mare moved to the Death of the said Matthew Hawkins , and is of the Value of Twenty Shillings, and the Property and in the Possession of the said Thomas Wallington or of his Assigns. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Henry Allibone Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner .

Henry Alliborne Foreman