City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex . to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of John Tramsfield the Sign of the Truimphant Chariot  Piccadilly Parish of St George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the nineteenth day of July 1797 in the thirty Seventh Year of the Reign on our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great - Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and So forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our Said Lord the King for the Said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of George Humphries then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names one hereunder written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the Said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to enquire our Said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said George Humphries came to h is Death, do upon their Oath Say that the said George Humphries on the eighteenth day of July in the Year aforesaid in the Parish & in the Liberty aforesd. being at Work on a certain Scaffold in South Audley Street It so happened that accidentally avoid causally & by Misfortune he the Said George Humphries then & there fell from the said Scaffold to the Ground; by means whereof he the said George Humphries then & there received a Mortal Wound on the head of him the said George Humphries: of Which said Mortal Wound he the said George Humphries on the said eighteenth day of July at St. George's Hospital died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said George Humphries in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually by Misfortune came to his death and not other wise. IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written. 

Anthy Gell Coroner } John Nicholas Richd Wardle Edwd. Cormick Josh. Gately Edward Spur

George Slicer John Stilwell Thomas; Medley Richd. Weather Wm. Masterman John Blake Marmaduke Miller