City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex} to wit An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Thomas Tilling Sign of the Spread Eagle on Mill Bank  parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the twenty first day of August 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Duff an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Duff came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Duff on the nineteenth day of August in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being in a certain Garden in which Garden was a certain well (called a Dipping. It so happened that accidentally, casually and by Misfortune he the said John Duff in the water within the said Well or Depping did fall and was then and there suffocated and drowned; Of which said Suffocation and Drowning he the said John Duff then and there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said John Duff in manner and by the means aforesaid accidentally causally and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors came to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day year and place frist above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner Adam Fuller Foreman Willim Auld

W. Thom Sadler Thos. Felling Jno. Horton

Thos Jones George Thompson Wm Fenn

Edward Brand Josh. Fredk: Hood James Smith Thos. Dixon