City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of T. Gatrell Sign of the Wrekin in Hewitts Court  Strand parish of St. Martins in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the sixth day of March 1795 in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William James Gatrell an Infant then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William James Gatrell came to h Death, do upon their Oath say that the said William James Gatrell on the fifth day of March in the year aforesaid, at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, being laid to sleep in a certain Turn up Bed, then and there being in the room of the Dwelling House of the said J. Gatrell the Father of the said William James Gatrell It so happened that Mary Cook (being ignorant that the said William James Gatrell was then in the said turn-up-Bed accidentally, casually, and by Misfortune then and there innocently turned up the said Bed, by means whereof he the said William James Gatrell in the Cloaths of the said Bed was then and there suffocated and smothered: Of which said Suffocation and Smothering he the said William James Gatrell then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said William James Gatrell in manner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } William Dundas Willm Harrison David Gordom James Haward George Tonumby

Edwd Collyen Richard Munday John Davis Frans. Parry Thos. Godfrey Jno Simons Hans Fischer James Mobbs

Charles Norse Isaac Tooke