City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex } to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of John Smith the Sign of the King's Head in James Street  Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the nineteenth day of April 1797 in the thirty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of James Aldridge then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said James Aldridge came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said James Aldridge on the fifth day of April in the Year aforesaid at the Parish of St. Martin within the Liberty aforesaid being in a stable with two Horses belonging to Messiers Wood & Co. Coal Merchant in Scotland Yard. It so happened that as the said James Aldridge was endeavouring to unhitch the said two Horses which were entangled together one of the said Horses kicked him the said James Aldridge in & upon his Jaw by means whereof the Jaw of the James Aldridge was fractured. of which said fractured Jaw he the said James Aldridge at the Westminster Infirmary did languish & languishing did live until the nine eighteenth day of April in the Year aforesaid on which said Eighteenth day of April he the said James Aldridge of the said fractured Jaw at the Westminster Infirmary aforesaid did die: And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said James Aldridge in manner & by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually & by Misfortune came to his Death & not otherwise And that the said Horse was the Cause of the Death of the James Aldridge & is of the Value of one Shilling IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Richd. Durban James Jordan Thos. Brown James Lawn Wm Peckham E Smith

Jonan: Graffith Roberts Wm Bugg John Horn George Hatchard George Ward