City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of William Hatchett the Sign of the Shakespear in Eaton Street pimilies Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex the eighteenth day of July 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Joseph Jacques then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Joseph Jacques came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Joseph on the fifteenth day of July in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To wit in one of the Cuts leading out of the River Thames up to the Water Works there going in to bathe himself. It so happened that accidentally casually & by Misfortune he the said Joseph Jacques in the Waters of the said River was then and there suffocated and drowned Of which Suffocation and Drowning he the said Joseph Jacques then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Joseph Jacques in manner and by the Means accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not other wise IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Richd. Wardle Foreman Abrm Burt John Wood Richard Allan Wilm Carrel James Edwards

James Dorney Thos. Hornsey Jno Ellsworth Jno. Watt Joseph Evans Thos. Liddall Wm Cray