City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middelsex.} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Tenth day of June in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Ann Haines then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of William Mourn , William Rice , Matthew Turner , John White , William Littleboy , John Main , Frederick Duperoy , Thomas Williams , William Steel , Henry Smith John Chewter and James Abbott good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Ann Haynes came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Ann Haynes on the First day of June in the Year aforesaid being in a certain Place called Scotland Yard in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and that the Shaft of a certain empty Cart then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell down upon the left Leg of the said Ann Haines , by Means whereof the said Ann Haines then and there received a mortal Fracture in and upon her left Leg, of which said mortal Fracture she the said Ann Haines from the said First day of June in the Year aforesaid until the Ninth day of the same Month and Year at the said Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid did langusih and languishing did live, on which said Ninth day of June aforesaid at the said Parish of St. Margaret within the Liberty and County aforesaid she the said Ann Haines of the mortal Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Ann Haines in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to her death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said William Mowrn Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows in their presence have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Wm. Mourn Foreman