City of Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,}  to wit, An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of William Hewlett in the Strand in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty eighth day of March 1798 in the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Robert Hewlett then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Robert Hewlett came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Robert Hewlett  Labouring under a grievoys disease of Body, to wit, a Fever and by reason of the Violence of the said disease being detiriours & out of his Mind on the twenty sixth day of March in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid with a certain Pen Knife made of Iron and Steel which he the said Robert Hewlett then and there had and held in his right hand to and against the Neck of him the said Robert Hewlett did then and there strike stab & Penetrate thereby then and there giving unto himself the said Robert Hewlett so delirious & out of his Mind as aforesaid with the the pen Knife aforesaid in and upon his Carotic Artery one mortal wound one which said Mortal Wound he the said Robert Hewlett then & there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Robert Hewlett by reason of the disease aforesaid being delirious and out of his Mind as aforesaid in manner and by the Means aforesaid did kill himself.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

John Green Frans. Barrons Benjn. Aked Thos. Sherborn R Heading

Rd. Wray Wm Pascale Thos. G Wm Woodhouse John Hall Thos: Smith Geo Todd

Benjn. Capper Jos. Finlayer Thos Billings Jos. Wilson Charles Hayward Jas Ingram

Robt. Reid Alexr. Bifred Jno. Barrett Jno. Lyde