City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint James in the Dwelling House in the poor House within the Liberty of Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the fourteenth day of October in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of a new born Female Child then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said new born Female Child came to her Death, do upon their Oath say that Elizabeth Giggs of the Parish aforesaid in the Liberty and County aforesaid single Woman , on the tenth day of October in the year aforesaid, being then and there big with the said new born Female Child, afterwards to Wit, on the same day and Year at the Parish aforesaid in the Liberty and County aforesaid, in the Bed Chamber wherein Elizabeth Singleton slept, the said Female Child seventy and without the Know- ledge of the said Elizabeth Singleton , from her Body by the Providence of God, did bring forth alive which said Female Child by the Laws and Customs of the Kingdom, was a Bastard Child, and that the said new born Female Bastard Child departed this Life soon after its Birth in a natural Way, and not from any Hurt, Violence or Injury received from the said Elizabeth Giggs its Mother or any other Person, to the Knowledge of the said Jurors, nor had the said new born Female Bastard Child, any Marks of Violence appearing on its Body

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written

Anthy Gell Coroner } James Savage Geo. Maddison Wm. Pone Robt. Golphin Evan Jones George Reynolds

John Nicholes Robert Jackson William Gardner Richd. Davis W. Hall Richd. Neeley

John Davis Jno. Harrison Walter. Pridergast