City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex . } to Wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Thirteenth day of January in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Corner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Perrin then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Voyce , Samuel Collett , Joseph Rowley , Philip Coulse , George Barker , James Coats , Benjamin Burt , James Powell , Benjamin Millward , Charles Baddeley , John Newman , and Thomas Sims good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Perrin came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said John Perrin a Glazier on the Twelfth day of January in the Year aforesaid being at Work cleaning a Window on the First Floor in the dwelling House of the Right Honourable Earl Spencer situate in St. James's Place in the Parish aforesaid with in the Liberty and County aforesaid, and then and there standing upon a Ladder on the outside of the said Window, It so happened that the said Ladder broke, and that the said John Perrin then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell down from the said Window upon the Stone Pavement before the said House, and thereby did then and there receive one mortal wound and Fracture in and upon the Rightside of the Head of him the said John Perrin , of which said mortal Wound and Fracture he the said John Perrin then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said John Perrin in Manner and by the means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his death. In Witness where of as well the said Coroner, as the said John Voyce Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year and Place abovementioned.

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Jno. Voyce Foreman