City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twentieth day of May in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John King then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Elwell , David Spiers , Edward Brion , William Pern , Flank Rochford , Hugh Burredge , John Demay , David Medcalf , Joseph Pearson , John Hunt . Dennis Deschamps , William Ward  Thomas Harris , Edward Brown , James Hopwood , James Micklejohn and Edward Jackson good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John King came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said John King on the Sixteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid being in a certain Court called Ryder's Court in the Parish of Saint Ann within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and being then and there Intoxicated with Liquor, It so happened that the said John King then and there Casually and by Misfortune and against the Will of Edward Sharpe fell down in the said Court, by Means whereof the said John King then and there received one mortal Fracture in and upon the left side of his Head, of which said mortal Fracture he the said John King from the said sixteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid until the Eighteenth day of the same Month and Year, at the said Parish of St. Ann , and also at the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said Eighteenth day of May aforesaid he the said John King at the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, of the mortal Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said John King in Manner and by the Means aforesaid Casually by Misfortune and against the Will of the said Edward Sharpe came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said John Elwell Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner Jno. Elwell Foreman