City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex } to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Mrs. Grant Sign of the White Horse in Knightsbridge  Parish of St. George Hanr. Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the ninth day of September 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of John Jay then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said John Jay came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said John Jay on the Sixth day of September in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being a Patient in St. George's Hospital and then bathing in the Bath belonging to and within the said Hospital It so happened that the said John Jay was then and that seized (as in presumed) with a Epilsptic Fit (to which he was subject) and in the waters of the said Bath was then and there suffocated & drowned Of which said Suffocation & Drowning, he the said John Jay then and there instantly died and so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said John Jay in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally Casually, and Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hand and Seals the day year & place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } Thomas Medey Forman Wm. Coward Charles Latham Fras. Lye

Willoughby Marsden William Ferne Thos. B James Wise Joseph Dean Joseph Saun James Hoyd

Thos Dixon