City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex }  to wit.

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at The House of William Farr the Sign of the Horse Shoe in the Strand in the Parish of Saint martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty eighth day of November 1798 in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Robert Dennis then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Robert Dennis Came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that Robert Dennis not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding but lunatic and distracted on the twenty seventh day of November in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid a certain Pistal charged in the Gunpowder and a leader Bullet which he the said Robert Dennis then and there had and held in his right to and against the head of him the said Robert Dennis did then and there short off and discharge, by means whereof little said Robert Dennis did then and there give unto himself with the leaden Bullet aforesaid, so his charged and shotout of the Pistol aforesaid by the force of the Gunpowder aforesaid in and upon the head of him the said Robert Dennis one Mortal Wound: of which said Mortal Wound he the said Robert Dennis then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Robert Dennis not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the means aforesaid did Kill himself.

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

John kay George Mork W. Moore Jno. Warne Thos Brand

Saml Bayster Bone D Chapman John Price

William Gould Thos. Warne Thos. Redaway John Towns