City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the First day of September in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Shinglar then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Henry Carpenter , William Williams , John Rains , William Lloyd , Alexander Martin , George Wilson , Nathaniel Irlen , John Russell , John Ryall , David Blyth David Spiers , James Scott , Lumsden Christeson , Richard Carpenter and James Knight good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Shinglar came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say , That the said William Shinglar on the Twenty seventh day of August in the Year aforesaid being in St. James's Market , and going down Stairs into a Publick Cellar under the said Market kept by John Roberts  Victualler , situate in the Parish of St. James within the Liberty and County aforesaid, and being then and there Intoxicated and in Liquor, It so happened that the said William Shinglar then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell down the said Stairs with his Head upon and against the Stone Pavement of the said Cellar, and thereby did then and there receive one mortal Fracture in and upon the rightside of his Head, of which said mortal Fracture he the said William Shinglar from the said Twenty seventh day of August in the Year aforesaid until the Thirty first day of the same Month and Year at the said Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty and County aforesaid, did languish and languishing did live, in which said Thirty first day of August in the Year aforesaid at the said Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty and County aforesaid he the said William Shinglar of the mortal Fracture aforesaid did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said William Shinglar Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Henry Carpenter Foreman of the said Jurors on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written.

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Heny Carpenter Foreman