City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter , Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty sixth day of August in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mary Caravaugh then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of William Barrett  Thomas Gray . Robert Atkinson . John Gregg . Fredrick Sultze . John Cuttle . John Bougg . William Woodward Thomas Adcock  Cuthbert Kitchen  William Lanstey . Samuel Kendrick . William Shepard . Ernest Boss . Edward Peters . James Batchelor and Joseph Collins good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Mary Caravaugh came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Mary Caravaugh, not being of sound mind memory, and understanding, but lunatick and distructed, on the twenty fifth day of August, in the Year aforesaid at the Parish, and in the Liberty and County aforesaid, one End of a certain peice of small Cord unto a Nail fastened into the Wainscot in the Lodging room, or Apartment of Francis Webb in the dwelling House of Ann Thompson situate and being in Hemming row in the said Parish, Liberty, and County, and the other End about her own Neck did fix, tie, and fasten, and therewith did then, and there hang, suffocate and strangle herself, of which said hanging, suffocation, and Strangling She the said Mary Caravaugh then and there died; And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, That the said Mary Caravaugh not being of sound Mind, Memory and Understanding but lunatick, and distracted, in manner and by the means aforesaid did kill herself.

In Witness whereof as well the said Corner, as the said William Barrett  Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their Presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day Year, and Place, above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

William Barrett Foreman