City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Thomas Tillan Sign of the Spread Eagle on Mill Bank  Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twentieth day of August 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of James Stageman then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Stageman came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Thomas Stageman on the eighteenth day of August in the year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being in a certain Boat with two other Men or the River Thames It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune the said Boat upset and he the said Thomas Stageman by Means thereof in the Waters of the said River was then and there suffocated and drowned: Of which said Suffocation and Drawing he the said Thomas Stageman then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Thomas Stageman in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, accidentally, casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day, Year and Place first above written

Anthy. Gell Coroner } John Minnitt Foreman Fras Lye Willm. Auld James Dorey

Wm. Maulkin Tho Dixon Saml Wintle Thos. Workmen Robt Walling Adam Fuller John Bingham

Thos. Telling