No. 4. Mrs. Moore

 City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Workhouse belonging to the Parish of St. Clement Danes in Portugal Street within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty seventh day of June 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mrs. Moore then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Mrs. Moore came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Mrs. Moore being in a certain old ruinated House situate in Houghton Street in the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid It so happened that the said old ruinated House, about half past eight of the Clock in the Morning of the twenty fifth day of June in the Year aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune sunk and fell in, by Means whereof the said Mrs. Moore (with other Persons then being in the said House) were then and there under the Ruins and Material thereof, smothened, suffocated and killed; of which said Smothering, Suffocation & Killing she the said Mrs. Moore then and there instant died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Mrs. Moore in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to her Death and not otherwise

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner }

Richad George John Allmett Hecter Campbell John Robert Hugh Munro

William Giles Even Griffiths Paul Hardy John Griffin Jabez Lawson

Jno Elsworth Edward Yards John Duck Jon Edues John Robinson