City and Liberty of Westminster In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Dwelling House of Mrs. Romans in Mount Street  Grosvenor Square in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty first day of December 1798 in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Cooper  Esquire then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Cooper came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said William Cooper not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the nineteenth day of December in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in the Dwelling House of the said Mrs. Romans, a certain Pistol charged with Gunpowder and a leader Bullet which he the said William Cooper then and there had and held in his right hand to and against the head of him the said William Cooper , did then and there Shoot off and discharge by means where of he Sd. William Cooper did then and there give unto himself with the leader

Bullet aforesaid, so discharged and shot out of the Pistol aforesaid by force of the Gun powder aforesaid in and upon the head of him the said William Cooper one Mortal wound of the Breadth of one such & of the depth of three Juches; of which said Mortal he the said William Cooper then and there instantly, died And so the Jurors aforesaid upontheir Oath aforesaid do say that the said William Cooper not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding but lunatic & distracted in manner & by the means aforesd. did kill

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } Rd Barmot John Martin Henry Slack John Gibbitt Thos Masters

James Milton John J: Jombling Tho: Henry Mc Laughlin Wm. Twentymen Thos Oldfield