City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the third day of August in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Thomas Evans an Infant then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Ward . Richard Exley . Benjamin Ashmead Edward Davies , John Lord , John Adams , Stephen Spratt David Wonham , John Kade , James Moling , John Madders , and Thomas White good and Lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Thomas Evans came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Thomas Evans an Infant of the Age of three Years on the first day of August in the Year aforesaid, being in his father's Apartment, situate in Mount Row in the Parish aforesaid, within the Liberty and County aforesaid, And the lower Sash of the Window being up. It so happened that the said Thomas Evans the Infant. Accidentally. Casually and by Misfortune fell out of and through the said Window, upon the Stone Pavement in the said Row, and thereby then and there received a mortal Fracture in and upon the Top of is Head of which said mortal Fracture he the said Thomas Evans the Infant, then and there died And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid, do say That the said Thomas Evans the Infant, in manner and by the means aforesaid Accidentally, Casually and by Misfortune, came to his Death. and not otherwise.

In Witness whereof aswell the said Coroner as the said John Ward Foreman of the said Jurors. on the behalf of himself, and the Rest of his fellows in their Presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hand and Seals, the Day, Year, and Place above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Ino. Ward Foreman