City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , to wit.} 

An Inquisition Indented taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St.Margaret in the City of Westminster , within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Tenth day of September, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George The King by the garce of god of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth, before Thomas Prichard Gentleman Coroner a four said Lord the King for the said city and Liberty, on view of the Body of John Kidd then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of John Rowntree , Samuel Daniel , William Hitchcock , Joseph Guilley , Robert Dunn , William Broadhurst , Thomas Hester , Henry Slawson , Daniel Rainbow , John Thompson , James mason , John Hewlett , Henry Chamberlaine and John Lea good and lawful men of the said liberty duty chosen,who being the and there duty Sworn and Charged to inquire for our said Lord the King,when,how and by what means tha said John Kidd came to his Death do upon their oath say That the said John Kidd on the Ninth day of September in the year afore said, being in St. James's Park near unto the Queens House, in the Parish of St. Martin in the fields , with in the Precinct of his Majesty's Verge in the said Country of Middlesex , (where a great number of persons were standing to see that Royal Highneses the prince and Princess of Brunswich.) And that a man belonging to his Majesty's Light Horse,whose name is unknown,was than and there along upon a certainly or Mare, before their said Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princy's of Brunswick,being part of the said Majesty's Guard,attending their said Royal Highnesses; It also happened that the said John Kidd was the and there Accidentally Casully and by Misfortune forced down to the Ground by the said Horse or Mare, on which the said Light Horse man riding,and that tha said Horse or Mare, with his Feet did then and there tread upon the said John Hidd, so being upon the Ground as aforesaid, by Reason where of he the said John Kidd did then and there Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune receive divers mortal Bruises in and upon the Right side of his Body, of which said mortal Bruises he the said John Kidd , the same Day and Year, at the Westminster Hospital , in the said Parish of saint. Margaret with in City Liberty and County aforesaid, did Die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon the their Oath Afresaid, do say, that the said John Kidd in manner and by the Means aforesaid Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death, and not otherwise. In Witness where of as well as the said Coronor, as the said John Rowntree Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the next if his said Fellows, in their Presence, have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above Written.

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

John Rowntree foreman.