City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Second day of November in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Edward Phillips then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Anthony Tourdan . Joseph Bewley , Thomas Halliday . Charles Wilkinson , Robert Sewell , John Wernike , Samuel Wilson , Jonathan Pope , John Wood , Ricd Jones , John Thodey and John Havers good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Edward Phillips came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Edward Phillips on the twenty ninth day of October in the Year aforesaid, being alone in a certain Boat upon the River Thames , at the Upper Wharf in the Adelphi , in the Parish aforesaid, within the Liberty and County aforesaid, And that it so happened that Accidentally Casually, and by Misfortune the said Edward Phillips then and there fell out of and from the said Boat into the said River Thames . and in the Waters thereof was then and there Suffocated and Drowned, of which said Suffocation and Drowning, he the said Edward Phillips then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid. upon their Oath aforesaid, do say. that the said Edward Philips in manner and by the means aforesaid, Accidentally. Casually and by Misfortune, came to his Death. and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said Anthony Tourdan Foreman of the said Jurors, on the Behalf of himself and the Rest of his Fellows in their Presence, have to this Inquisition, set their Hands, and Seals, the Day, Year and Place above mentioned

Tho. Prickard  Coroner Anthony Tourdan  Foreman