Westminster City and Liberty in the County of Middlesex } to wit An Inquisition Indented and taken at the Parish of St. James in the Liberty of Westminster within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter at Westminster , the Eighth day of August in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the faith and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand seven hundred and sixty one Before John Feary Coroner for our Sovereign Lord the King for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid Upon a View of the Body of Isaac Reading then and there lying Dead by the Oaths of William Blackwell , Daniel Wood , Michael Gayne , William Carpenter , William Gembleton , Robert Randall , Charles Wood John Gower , John Drew , Thomas Ashlin , Daniel Wakelin , Charles Leaf , William Waterman , and Edward Spice Good and Lawfull Men of the said City and Liberty who being Sworn and Charged to Inquire for our Sovereign Lord the King how when where and in what manner the said Isaac Reading came to his Death, say upon their Oaths, That on Wednesday the fifth day of August Instant the said Isaac Reading being employed as a Carpenter in the Works carrying on in Westminster Hall in the City of Westminster in the County aforesaid and standing on a Scaffold erected over the Court of Kings Bench in the said Hall and nigh unto the edge of the said Scaffold it so happened that he, accidentally casually and by Misfortune fell from off the said Scaffold on the floor of the said Court by means whereof he received several violent Bruises on his Body and a fracture on his Skull of which said Mortal Bruises and Fracture he the said Isaac Reading from the said fifth day of August untill the day following in the Westminster Hospital in James Street in the Parish of St. Margaret in the Liberty and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live on which said sixth day of August in the Year aforesaid in the Parish Liberty and County aforesaid the said Isaac Reading did Dye. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon heir Oath, aforesaid do say that said Isaac Reading the day and Year aforesaid in the Parish Liberty and County aforesaid in manner aforesaid by his Death came and not otherwise. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the Jurors aforesaid have to this Inquisition put their hands and Seals the day Year and at the Place abovementioned.

Jno. Feary . Coroner .

Wm. Blackwell Foreman