Ciy and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to Wit 

An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Twenty second day of June in the Fifth Year of the Regin of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth before Thomas Prickard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Bridget McAvoy late the Wife of Murtagh McAvoy then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of Robie Sherwin , Richard Munk Martin Lyon , John Brown , William Smith , William Cole , Edward Sutton Samuel Wickward, John Byton , Carey Eames, James Ayres , George Dyne John Forsyth and John Lynley , good and lawfull Men of the said Liberty duly chosen who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire for Our said Lord the King, when how, and by what Means the said Bridget Mc. Avoy came to her Death, do their Oath say, That the said Bridget Mc. Avoy, not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding, but lunatic and dirstracted, on the Twenty first day of June in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish aforesaid within the Liberty and County aforesaid a great quantity of Aquafortis, being a deadly Poison, did take, drink, and swallow down, at her Lodging Room or Apartment in the Dwelling House of Barnaby Dowley situate and being in Drury Lane , in the Parish Liberty and County aforesaid; by Means whereof she the said Bridget Mc. Avoy became then and there Sick and Distempered in her Body, and of the Poison aforesaid, and of the Sickness and Distempered thereby occasioned, she the said Bridget Mc. Avoy then and there did die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Bridget. Mc. Avoy not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding, but lunatic and distracted, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, did Poison and kill herself. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Robie Sherwin , Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard  Coroner

Robie Sherwin Foreman