No. 2 Mrs. Burys City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Workhouse belonging to the Parish of Saint Clement Danes situate in Portugal Street within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty seventh day of June 1796 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mrs. Burgess (the wife of John Burgess ) then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Mrs. Burgess came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Mrs. Burgess being in an old ruinated House situate in Houghton Street in the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid (and which said House is rented or reputed to be rented by Mr. Child and is numbered with the Figure 8) It so happened that about half past eight of the Clock in the Morning of the twenty fifth day of June in the year aforesaid, the said old ruinated House accidentally casually and by Misfortune sunk and fell in by means whereof the said Mrs. burgess (with other Persons then being in the said House) were then and there under the Ruins and Materials thereof, smothered suffocated and Killed. Of which said Smothering Suffocation and Killing she the said Mrs. Burgess then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Mrs. Burgess in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to her death and not otherwise. And that the said Ruin and Materials of the said old ruinated House were the Occasion of the death of the said Mrs. Burgess and are of the Value of Ten Pounds and that Property and in the Possession of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle of of Doctor Haughes of Jamaica or of their or one of their Assignees or Assigns

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy.Gell Coroner } Richd George John Allmett Hector Campbell John Roberts Fras Brewen

Jabez Lawson Hugh Munro William Jenkins William Giles Evan Griffiths John Griffin

Jno. Elsworth Jams Edwer John Robinson Jabez Lawson John Duck Paul Hordey