City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of James Reed the Sign of the Cheshire Cheese in Russell Court  Drury Lane  parish of St. Martin in ye Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the eleventh day of December 1797 in the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Henry Muttlow then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Henry Muttlow came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Henry Muttlow on the eighth day of December in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit in Drury Lane aforesaid being then and there passing by when James Hawes & others were then and there unloading a certain Hogshead of Moist Sugar the Property of Messrs. Smith Campbell & Travers of Swithins Lane Canon Street London from & out of a certain Waggon drawn by three Horses It so happened that the Sd: Hogshead accidentally casually & by Misfortune forced the said Henry Muttlow against the Iron Railing in front of the Dwelling House of Gawthorn in Drury Lane by means whereof he the said Henry Muttlow then and there received divers Mortal Bruises on the body of him the said Henry Muttlow of which said Mortal Bruises he the said Henry Muttlow on the following day died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Henry Muttlow in manner & by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually & by Misfortune came to his death & not otherwise And that the said Hogshead of Sugar was moving to the death of the said Henry Muttlow and is of the Value of one shilling IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } John Fike James Barker James Roach Thomas Morhall Edward Acres

Robt Hughes Thos Whitworth R. Mum Jas. Brown M Francis Sim

P. C. Smith Thos Sharp John Underwood Jas Balfour John Shearwood