City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit 

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of Saint Margaret within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Eleventh day of August in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Turner then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Robert Askey , Timothy Bennett , John Currie , William Steel , Thomas Yeoman , Thomas George , Thomas Robinson , John Lane , Charles Mills , John Griffiths , Thomas Scott , Anthony Fabry , James Hassell , Robert Beaton , and James Mitchell good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Turner came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said William Turner a Slater on the Tenth day of August in the Year aforesaid, being at Work upon the Top of a certain Empty House situate in Arlington Street . in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, was then and there carrying Boards to make a Scaffold in the Front of the said House. It so happened that the said William Turner in passing along the Middle Gutler near the Sky light which was not Glazed, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune fell down through the said Sky light unto and upon the Stone Pavement at the Bottom of and near unto the Kitchen Door of the said House by Means whereof the said William Turner then and there received divers Mortal Bruises and Fractures in and upon his Head Thighs and Body of which said Bruises and Fractures at the said Parish of St. George  Hanover Square within the Liberty and County aforesaid, he the said William Turner instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said William Turner in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, Accidentally Casually and by Misfortune came to his Death. In Witness whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Robert Askey  Foreman of the said Jurors. on the behalf of himself, and the rest of his Fellows in their Presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner Robt. Askey Foreman