City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex ,} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of the late Henry White of No. 3 Hall Moon Street  Piccadilly in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the eleventh day of June 1799 in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of the said Henry White then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Henry White came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Henry White not being of sound Mind Memory understanding but lunatic and distracted in the tenth day of June in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid a quantity of white Arsenic, being a dead by Poison in warm water did then and there take, drink, and swallow does by Means whereof he the said Henry White be came then and there sick and distempered in his Body and of the Poison aforesaid and of the Sickup and Distember thereby occasioned then and there on the said eleventh day of June in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their oath aforesaid do say that the said Henry White not being of sound Mind Memory and understand but lunatic and distracted in Manner and by the Means aforesaid did poison and Kills himself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

P. J. Kelly Foreman Geo Montague Seares Alexr. Pope Thos. Gibbs

B. Frembelle Rowland Blore Josh Nichols William Hallsok William Smith Robert Martin John Francis John Webb