City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit, 

An Inquisition Indented taken for Our Sovereign Lord the King at the Parish of St. Margaret in the City of Westmr. within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the thirteenth Day of August in the Fifth year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Saith and so forth before Thomas Prichard Gentleman Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Rebecca Carpenter then and there lying Dead, upon the Oath of Edward Harris , Ernest Leslie , Thomas Hutchins , John Nutting , James Franklin , John Price , Joseph Wedgborough , Joseph Woolford , Joseph Moore , Thomas Sutton Abraham Longstaff , John Stowers , and John Burgis , good and lawful men of the said Liberty duly chosen, who being then and there duly Sworn and charged to inquire for our said Lord the King when how. an by what Means the said Rebecca Carpenter came to her Death, do upon their Oathsay, That the said Rebecca Carpenter, not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding, but lunatick and distracted, on the Twelfth day of August in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish aforesaid within the City Liberty and County aforesaid, into the River Thames , to wit, at Westminster Bridge , there did cast and throw herself, by means of which said Casting and Thowing, she the said Rebecca Carpenter, in the Water of the said River, was then and there Suffocated and Drowned, of which said Suffocation and Drowning she the said Rebecca Carpenter then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors. aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Rebecca Carpenter in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding, but lunatick and distracted, did drown and hill herself. In Witness where of as well the said Coroner, as the said Edward Harris Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his said Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written

Tho. Prickard Coroner .

Edwd Harris. Foreman