City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex} to wit An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of John Terrail known by the Sign of the peacock in Houghton Street of St. Clement Danes within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster in the County of Middlesex , the Nineteenth day of August 1793 in the thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and So forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our Said Lord the King for the Said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Joseph Butterfield then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors where Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the Said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our Said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the Said Joseph Butterfield came to his Death, do upon their Oath Say that the Said Joseph Butterfield on the Seventeenth day of August in the Year aforesaid at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid being in a certain. Stable with a Man belonging to Thomas Haywood (by whom the Said Joseph Butterfield was employed as a Carter) It So happened that be the Said Joseph Butterfield accidentally, casually and by Misfortune received a Blow on the Breast of him the said Joseph Butterfield either from the Head or Feet of the said Mare or from some other part but whether by a Kick or how in particular does not appear to the said Jurors Of which said Blow be the Said Joseph Butterfield then and there instantly died And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Joseph Butterfield in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his Death and not otherwise And that the said Man was moving o the Death of the said Joseph Butterfield and is the Property of and in the Possession of the above named Thomas Haywood of Bear yard in the parish aforesaid.

In Witness whereof as well the Said Coroner as the Said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the Day Year and Place above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Thos. Seaar Foreman Jones The Murrey John Hughes

Thos. Lightfoot Joseph Lolyd Wm Hall Richd Allaway

Wm Austin Jno. Elsworth Reuben Batty Henry Hewell Hector Cample

Jno. Brookes