City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit. 

 An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Sixteenth day of May in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Robert Lovell then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Thomas , William Jump , John Porter , Matthew Snowdon , Giles Burton , John Jarvis , William York , Robert Cotterell , John Lund , Thomas Daws , Thomas Teer , Henry Edwards and William Stenton good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Robert Lovell came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say, That the said Robert Lovell , not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding, but lunatick and distracted, on the Sixteenth day of May in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty and County aforesaid, One End of a certain piece of large Cord unto an Iron Staple fastened into the Door Post of the Area of the dwelling House of her Grace the Dutchess of St. Abans situate and being in St. James's Place in the said Parish Liberty and County, and the other End thereof about his own Neck, did fix tye and fasten, and therewith did then and there hang suffocate and strangle himself, of which said Hanging Suffocation and Strangling he the said Be last Lovell then and there died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said Robert Lovell not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding, but lunatick and distracted, in Manner and by the Means aforesaid, did kill himself. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner, as the said John Thomas Foreman of the said Jurors, on the behalf of himself and the rest of his Fellows, in their presence, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals, the Day Year and Place first above written.

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Jno. Thomas Foreman