City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex .} to wit,  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of John Jones Sign of the Compasses in Chelsea in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty eighth day of August 1794 in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of a New-born-Male Child then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are hereunder written and Seals affixed good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said new-born-Male Child came to h is- Death, do upon their Oath say that Diana Parken late of the Parish of Chelsea aforesaid within the Liberty aforesaid married Womans, on the twenty first day of June in the year aforesaid, being then and there big with the said new born Male Child And also on the same day and year, not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding but lunatic and distracted in her Mind. She the said Diana Parker afterwards, to wit, on the same day and year alone, by the Providence of God, the said Male Child, did bring forth alive. And that the said Diana Parker , not being of sound Mind Memory, and understanding, but lunatic and distracted, as aforesaid afterwards, to wit, on the same day and year at the Parish and within the Liberty aforesaid, the Fingers of her the said Diana Parker into the Month and down the Throat of the said new born - Male Child did put by Reason whereof she the said Diana Parker did then and these the said new - born Male Child, Kill And that the said Diana Parker , afterwards, to wit on the same day and Year in the Parish and within the Liberty aforesaid, the said new-born male Child into a certain Privy or Necessary House, did cast and throw down. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that; the said Diana Parker not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted in her Mind, the said new-born-Male Child in manner and by the Means aforesaid, did kill.

In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their hands and Seals the day Year and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } Saml Ray Foreman Jas. Chamberlin Geo. Collin Charles Scoboe

Robert Meredith John Shinn John Spilman William Flicker John Shaw Fras Wright

Chas. Harwood John Nicholls