City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex .} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at Nerots Hotel in King Street  Parish of St. James within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the second day of July in the in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Alexander Montgomery Cunningham then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, Good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Alexander Montgomery Cunningham came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Alexander Montgomery Cunningham not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding but lunatic and distracted on the first day of July in the year aforesaid a certain Pistol charged with Gun powder and a leaden Bullet which He the said Alexander Montgomery Cunningham then and that had and held in his right Hand to and within the Mouth of him the said Alexander Montgomery Cunningham did then and there shoot off and discharge, by means whereof he the said Alexander Montgomery Cunningham did then and there give unto himself with the leaden Bullet aforesaid, so discharged and shot out of the Pistol aforesaid by the Force of the Gunpowder aforesaid within the Mouth of him the said Alexander Montgomery Cunningham to and against thick Bones of the Palate and Skull of him the said Alexander Montgomery Cunningham one Mortal Wound of which said Mortal wound he the said Alexander Montgomery Cunningham then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Alexander Montgomery Cunningham not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner and by the Means aforesaid, did Kill himself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner }

Thos. Wallis  Foreman Jacob Flipp Jno Walden Richd Hopkins Jas Billen

Wm Bligh Thos. Nicholson James Stevens Rice Guy John Elyas John Emes Wm. Mattes James Forrest

W. White Christian Thiele Thos Collen James Fidler J Scott Jno Heyman