City and Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex } to wit,   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the Dwelling House of George Webb in Barkingham Street , Strand in ye Parish of St. Martins in the Fields Known by the Sign of ye Princes Head . within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Eighth day of January 1793 in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq . Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Joseph Glandfield then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of John Baster , Aaron, John Pyeke , Thomas Fish , John Gossart , George Reeban , Thomas Griffiths , Charles Millne , William Copping William Brown , Robert Knife , Thomas Cropley , William, William young , and Roger Woodhouse good and lawful Men of the Said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Joseph Glandfield came to his Death, do upon their Oath Say That the said Joseph Glandfield on the Sixth day of January, in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, and for a longtime before laboured under a violent Disorder on his Brain, which at certain times rendered him, the said Joseph Glandfield , delicious and insensible, and that on the said Sixth day of January, in the Year aforesaid, at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid, he the said Joseph Glandfield , departed this life by the visitation of God, in a natural Way To Wit of the violent Disorder on the Brain aforesaid and not from any Wounds which he the said Joseph Glandfield had given to himself on the second day of January in the year aforesaid. (being so delivious and insensible, by reason of the violence of the Disorder aforesaid). In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors have to this Inquisition set their Hands & Seals the Day Year and Place above-written.

John Gossart George Rieban Thos. Griffiths Char. Millne

William Copping Wm Brown Robt. Hampe Thos. Cropley Williams Hall

Wm. Young Rogr. Woodhouse