City of Liberty of Westminster , in the County of Middlesex ,  } to Wit.

An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at The Dwelling House of Mr. Tramfield the Sign of the Triumphant Chariot  Piccadilly Parish of St Geo. Hanr Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty second day of August 1797 in the thirty Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and ireland, King Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the king for the said City and Liberty,on View of the Body of Paul Carls wilk then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names are here under Written, and seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Paul Carlswilk came to h is Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Paul Carlswilk on the eighteenth day of august in the Year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid To Wit at the Dwelling House of Mrs. Cousins in Hill Street then and there being employed to paint It so happened that accidentally casually and by Misfortune he the said Paul Carlswilk fell from off a certain scaffold unto the Ground by Means whereof, he the said paul Carlswilk then and there received a violent Concussion of the Brain Of which said Concussion of the Brain he the said Paul carlswilk on the same day at Saint George's Hospital , died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say that, the said Paul Carlswilk in manner and by the Means aforesaid accidentally casually and by Misfortune came to his death and not othewise

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner Baine Fore man James Lloyd Jam Howland James Gidd Jno. Worthy Geo Hammott John Chalmers Wm. Ashton Thos. Dixon Thos. Byne Georg Linnell Giles Hall