City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King at the House of Stephen Nodd , Sign of the Coach & Horses, St. Martins Lane in the Parish of St. Martins in ye Fields within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the first day of September in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq. Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mary Goodger then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Mary Goodger came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say that the said Mary Goodger not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding but lunatic and distracted on this said first day of September one end of a certain small Cord unto a Nail in a slips of wood of the Apartment of her the said Mary Goodger and the other end thereof about her own neck did fix tye & fasten & there with did then and there hang, suffocate and strangle herself: Of which said Hanging Suffocation & Strangling she the said Mary Goodger then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say that the said Mary Goodger not being of sound Mind Memory & Understanding but lunatic and distracted in manner & by the Means aforesaid, did kill herself

 IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inqusition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner } Wm Mumford Steplis Silb Willm. Brewrey John Hammond James Lane

Edwd Allam Jno Green John Pillor Jams. Eve Jemy Waddington Jon Davies Josh. Smith Josh. Bell

Richd Willm Cox Willm Harrison David Gordon Philip Pilgrim