City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex } to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Mr. Williams the Sign of the Board head in Exeter Street Covent Garden in the Parish of St. Pauls Covent Garden within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twenty sixth day of October 1795 in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Allen then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Allen came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said William Allen not being of sound Mind Memory and Understanding but lunatic and distracted on the twenty fourth day of October in the Year aforesaid at the parish and in the Liberty aforesaid one end of a certain piece of small Cord fastened unto the Tester of the Bed in the Lodging or Apartment of him the said William Allen and the other End thereof about him own neck did fix try & fasten & therewith did then & there hang suffocate and stample himself: of which said Hanging Suffocations & than being he the said William Allen did then & there instantly die. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon than Oath aforesaid do say that the said William Allen not being of sound Mind Memory and understanding but lunatic and distracted in mann and by the Means aforesaid, did kill himself

IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy. Gell Coroner S. John Nicholas John Andrews Manuel Immanuel The. Mark of John Swift Thos. Pate Thomas Todd

John Allingham Geo Passenger J Lury Wm Walker Henry Cooper Jams Mayers Ephm. Goatly Chas. Goodale

Rd. Penlington Geo: Arkene John Young