City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex } to wit.   An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of Mr. Richard Burton at Knightbridge in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the Nineteenth day of July in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Thomas Prickard , Gentleman, Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of Mary Lamb then and there lying dead, upon the Oath of Robert Hornsby John Foster , George Cales , Jonathan Hutchinson , James Mc. Cartney , Thomas Hedgess , Thomas Harwood , Evan Davis , John Peas , John Williams , John Beardmore and Robert Sayer good and lawful Men of the said LIberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said Mary Lamb came to h er Death, do upon their Oath say That Harris whose Christian Name is to the Jurors aforesaid unknown late of the Parish of St. Margaret Westminster Labourer, and late Driver of the Exeter and Plymouth Stage on the Twenty Seventh day of June last in the Year aforesaid with Force and Arms at the Parish of St. Margaret in the said City of Westminster aforesaid in the County aforesaid in and upon the said Mary Lamb in the Peace of God and of our said Lord the King then and there being Feloniously did make an Assault, and that the said Harris then and there being driving a certain Coach called the Eater and Plymouth Stage drawnly Four Horses then and there Feloniously did drive the foremost Horse on the Offside to and against the right Shoulder of her the said Mary Lamb she being then and there or her lawfull Occasions Crossing the Road at the Hamlet of Knightsbridge in the Parish of St. Margaret in the City of Westminster aforesaid whereby the said Mary Lamb was violently forced to the Ground, and that he the said Harris did then and there Feloniously drive the said Horses and the Off hinder wheel of the said Coach over the Legs of the said Mary Lamb by means of which said Felonious driving of the said Coach and Horses as aforesaid she the said Mary Lamb received then and there divers Mortal Wounds and Bruises on each of the Legs of the said Mary Lamb , and One Mortal Fracture in and upon her left leg of which said Mortal Wounds Bruise and Fracture she the said Mary Lamb at the Parish of St. Margaret Westminster aforesaid, and also at the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square in the Liberty aforesaid and County aforesaid from the said Twenty Several day of June in the Year aforesaid until the Seventeenth day of July in the same Year at Saint George's Hospital near Hyde Pork Corner in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square in the Liberty aforesaid and County aforesaid did languish and languishing did live, on which said Seventeenth day of July in the Year aforesaid at the said Parish of Saint George Hanover Square in the Liberty and County aforesaid she the Said Mary Lamb of the Mortal Wounds Bruises and Fracturer aforesaid did Die, And so the Jurors aforesaid upon then Oath aforesaid do say that the said Harris her the said Mary Lamb in manner and by the means aforesaid Feloniously did Kill and Stay against the Peace of our Lord the King his Crown and Dignity. In Witness whereof as well the said Coroner as the Foreman of the said Jurors on behalf of the said Jurors Lane to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day and Year above written.

Tho. Prickard Coroner

Robts. Hornsby Foreman