City and Liberty of Westminster , In the County of Middlesex ,} to wit.  An Inquisition Indented, taken for our Sovereign Lord the King, at the House of peter Boyd the Sign of the Coach & Horses in Moulborough Street Parish of St. Geo: Hanover Square within the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster , in the County of Middlesex , the twelfth day of November 1795 in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, before Anthony Gell , Esq.  Coroner of our said Lord the King for the said City and Liberty, on View of the Body of William Millar then and there lying dead , upon the Oath of the Several Jurors whose Names are here under written, and Seals affixed, good and lawful Men of the said Liberty, duly chosen, who being then and there duly sworn and charged to enquire for our said Lord the King, when, how, and by what Means the said William Millar came to his Death, do upon their Oath say that the said William Millar not having the Fear of God before his Eyes but moved and seduced by the Instigation of the Devil on the eleventh day of November in the Year aforesaid with force and Arms at the Parish and in the Liberty aforesaid in and upon himself in the Peace of God and of our said Sovereign Lord the King, then and there being feloniously wilfully and of his Malic forethought did make an Assault. and that he the said William Millar with a certain Razor made of Iron and Stell which he the said William Miller then and there had and held in his left hand the Throat or Gullet of him the said William Millar did then and there strike stab and penetrate thereby then and there giving unto himself with the Room aforesaid in and upon the said Throat or Gullett of him the said William Millan one Mortal Wound of the length of four Inches and depth of two Inches:of which said Mortal Wound bethe said William Millar then and there instantly died. And so the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid do say, that the said William Miller in manner and by the Means aforesaid feloniously wilpully and of his Malice forethought did kill and murder himself against the Peace of our said Lord the King his Crown and Degnity. And the Jurors aforesaid upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said William Millar at the time of the doing and committing of the February and Murder aforesaid had no Goods or Chattels Lands or Tenements Etc within the said Liberty or elsewhere to the Knowledge of the said Jurors.

IN WITNESS whereof, as well the said Coroner as the said Jurors, have to this Inquisition set their Hands and Seals the Day, Year, and Place first above written.

Anthy Gell Coroner Barclay Foreman Henry Quickman Cox Edward Nester James Robson

William Redward George Cufson Thos. Hankey Jams. Styring Jos. Brown Stephn. Hall

The Mark of John Mocon Darling